docset_id:D0901A-A
summary:
And that has given them new hope to celebrate the forthcoming Eid with more joy and confidence .
`` I want to jump into the river .
Kashmiri leaders feared those were new condset out specific proposals for negotiation .
The countrywide ban on government hiring was part of measures to downsize India 's bloated public sector .
( Begin optional trim )
Indian army officer Major General D. Samanwar told NDTV news channel the incident was tantamount to a ceasefire violation .
The second was in 1965 .
`` All this has happened very late in my life .


docset_id:D0902A-A
summary:
He also says some young women might not want to use emergency contraception if they knew how it worked .
___
American Life League 's site : http : //www.MorningAfterPill.org
`` I entrust my care to my physician , not my pharmacist , '' Lacey said .
That would require a pharmacy employee to retrieve the drug , making enforcement of an age restriction easier .
Some who work for the FDA believed that questions about people 's sexual behavior were overwhelming scientific ones , according to an internal agency memo written last year .
Abortion should remain legal .


docset_id:D0903A-A
summary:
All but Spire are developing new solar technologies , and there is no guarantee that customers will embrace their innovations .
Uni-Solar marries the thin-film method with silicon .
The solar backpack .
Second , while both packs operate with an internal lithium-ion battery , each battery option is slightly different .
Motech Solar is Taiwan 's first manufacturer specializing in the production of crystalline silicon solar cells .
`` Solar energy works perfectly in the Valley , '' he said .
Kubetz and Burton received $ 5 per watt for their 10 kilowatt system -- or $ 50,000 .


docset_id:D0904A-A
summary:
It 's very possible that a Hale follower or sympathizer has decided to fight back . ''
`` She was n't afraid , '' Sycamore said of the judge .
Gov .
Tarrant County Sheriff Dee Anderson agreed that he saw nothing illegal in Aryan Wear 's business tactics .
...
Fort Worth Star-Telegram researcher Cathy Belcher contributed to this report .
Republican Mayor Pat McCrory condemned Hanks .
Like many others in Crawford , Sheehan 's supporters are hoping for a peaceful weekend .
Bennett ?
Ford blamed the rioting on gangs taking advantage of a volatile situation .


docset_id:D0905A-A
summary:
A spokeswoman for TRC said Nickerson 's comments were untrue .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM . )
Rodgers said the site offered several important advantages .
And Fort Collins , a city of 118,000 people dominated culturally by the 25,000-student university got there first .
Savage said .
Green Mountain has 600,000 customers in eight states but does not offer a state-by-state breakdown .
Jack and Michael Egan are current board members .
Near this blustery headland where Admiral Nelson won his great naval victory over the French two centuries ago , a new battle of Trafalgar is brewing .


docset_id:D0906B-A
summary:
The other man , who was unidentified , received minor injuries .
in Topanga will be closed because of storm-related road damage , said Stephanie Brady of the Los Angeles Unified School District .
''We thought we 'd retired to paradise , `` Cynthia Ficklend said .
( End optional trim )
La Conchita was the site of a similar but smaller landslide in 1995 .
On Monday evening , the rain returned .
A finger tapping .
The rest is forwarded nationwide by rail , with Union Pacific and Burlington Northern each handling about half of that freight .


docset_id:D0907B-A
summary:
But a senior administration official disagreed , saying that the memorandum 's conclusions appeared to align closely with the prevailing White House view of interrogation practices .
Scott McClellan , the White House press secretary , said Bush firmly backs Gonzales ' nomination .
The torture convention bans torture and `` cruel , inhumane or degrading '' treatment .
Farer would find little argument , at least on that point .
But he has spent many of the subsequent years bouncing back and forth between academia and government .
Hatch describes Yoo as `` a terrific human being . ''


docset_id:D0908B-A
summary:
With no phone or Internet links to Katmandu , details of the situation there were sketchy .
Soldiers and riot police patrolled the capital , Katmandu .
The EU 's Luxembourg presidency called for a `` speedy '' return to multi-party democracy .
...
Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is the current chairman of SAARC .
A power grab by Nepal 's King Gyanendra provoked condemnation from his most influential allies , the United States and India , but China remained neutral _ a sign of Beijing 's growing ties with the Himalayan nation , some analysts say .
S.D .


docset_id:D0909B-A
summary:
We have n't got our tongues out .
Sean Dooley made his plea at the funeral of Gareth O'Connor , 24 , an IRA dissident who disappeared in May 2003 .
BIIGC meetings are normally only attended by the Irish foreign minister and the British secretary of state for Northern Ireland but there is provision to scale them up to `` summit level '' involving both prime ministers .
It says their posts have been filled by three men from Northern Ireland who are closely aligned to the Adams-McGuinness group pushing the movement onto a purely political path .


docset_id:D0910B-A
summary:
His killing came after Tuesday 's killings of two Muslims by mainstream rebel members for supporting Karuna .
Sri Lanka 's elite police commandos Saturday shot dead a renegade Tamil rebel who killed a regional commander from the main guerrilla group , an official said .
The two homeguards were abducted by the LTTE rebels on Aug. 10 in the eastern port district of Trincomalee along with two T-56 weapons and a magazine .
On his way back home , Akashi will meet with Indian leaders and diplomats who are concerned about the Norwegian-brokered peace process in Sri Lanka .


docset_id:D0911C-A
summary:
But even if Iceland offered Fischer citizenship , his case would still be in legal limbo because of his US nationality .
The parliamentary committee is expected to meet again soon .
`` It was very clear from the outset that he had a great influence here , '' Benediktsson said of Fischer , speaking by telephone from Reykjavik .
`` It was very clear from the outset that he had a great influence here , '' Benediktsson said of Fischer , speaking by telephone from Reykjavik .
The bill went through the required three readings in 12 minutes .


docset_id:D0912C-A
summary:
`` I want to ask the president , `Why did you kill my son ?
Jim Boskovitch , father of slain Cpl .
Moms and Vets Will Stop the War ! ``
Wright said countless hands were raised , offering to join her mission .
Martin Luther King Jr .
`` It is a betrayal of our military .
Who profits ? ''
Bush 's update on defense and foreign policy issues comes at a time when his approval ratings are hovering below 50 percent .
`` I begged him not to go , '' she said through tears .


docset_id:D0913C-A
summary:
`` Have you read the first four Commandments ? ''
she asked .
Nevertheless , the Supreme Court 's use of commandments imagery was a regular theme .
That would be acceptable as a `` reflection of law '' rather than religion , Chemerinsky replied .
`` The Ten Commandments have undeniable religious significance , '' he said .
``
`` My God !
So I did it . ''
Van Orden derided the cliches of homelessness that he said reporters had unfairly stuck to him over the years .
We 're a tolerant society , '' Scalia said .


docset_id:D0914C-A
summary:
There was no other immediate information about casualties .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM . )
`` The wall near me collapsed and people began to run . ''
Television footage at the border showed an Arab Israeli woman being carried by her husband .
We then saw a second explosion not far from the first blast ; it was a ball of fire higher on the mountain .
He suggested that al-Qaida , an offshoot or an Egyptian radical group might be responsible .
Some debris from the vehicle used has been found by investigators , Israeli radio said .


docset_id:D0915C-A
summary:
Bush said the vote offered an `` historic opportunity '' for Iraqis to start building a truly democratic society after decades of brutal dictatorship .
Other attacks were reported in the triangle .
`` I think we 'll see millions of people across Iraq vote tomorrow , '' said Lt. Gen. Thomas F. Metz , operational chief for the more than 150,000 coalition troops here .
Many embassy workers are housed in nearby prefabricated trailers protected by blast walls and sandbags ; the trailers remain vulnerable to mortar and rocket attacks .
American forces were deployed across the city .


docset_id:D0916C-A
summary:
`` There was bound to be plenty of parachute journalism once the war started , and I did n't want to be a part of that . ''
Stop !
Abuse scandals came to the fore in November and December when US and Iraqi forces discovered two overcrowded interior ministry detention centres .
Coalition forces captured four suspects wanted over the killing of a Spanish officer in 2004 .
The family is planning a memorial service on Jan. 14 .
In the 20-second tape , Carroll was shown against a white background and appeared reasonably healthy , although tired .


docset_id:D0917C-A
summary:
The last conclave in 1978 took eight ballots over three days to choose John Paul .
Even non-Catholic visitors said they are paying close attention to the goings-on .
cried Piero Marini , the master of papal liturgical ceremonies -- or `` Everyone out ! ''
He and a theologian chosen to deliver an inspirational message remained .
`` How many winds of doctrine have we known ? ''
Neuhaus said .
Secondly , you have Opus Dei 's affluent members donating money to the Vatican .
`` She 's taking one for the team , '' he said .


docset_id:D0918D-A
summary:
Last month , Adelphia Communications became the first American cable company to offer its subscribers triple-X-rated pornography .
MacKinnon and Dworkin 's efforts depended on support from notorious bluenoses like Phyllis Schlafly and former attorney general Edwin Meese .
Hillary '08 .
Democratic loyalists exerted all their influence to derail former Vermont governor Howard Dean and make Massachusetts Senator John Kerry the party nominee in 2004 .
Warner disagrees .
`` On the other hand , I never kept it secret . ''
''
`` The Feminine Mystique '' made Friedan world famous .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM . )


docset_id:D0919D-A
summary:
( End optional trim )
`` I 'm not keen on her , '' McElwee added .
Charles ' marriage will also need an Act of Parliament before the wedding day -- virtually a foregone conclusion in this case .
Although in recent years the two have appeared more often together in public , their murky status has put her in a difficult and oddly anachronistic position .
`` But I do n't think she should be queen . ''
They are entitled to have their own happiness the same as everyone else , '' Churchill told Sky News .


docset_id:D0920D-A
summary:
The Islamic militants claiming responsibility for Bigley 's abduction have demanded the release of female Iraqi prisoners .
Rocca agreed .
I 'm a reporter , Jon .
All of which begs the question : What are programs like `` Larry King Live '' and `` Prime Time Live '' hoping to accomplish by bringing news satirists on board ?
`` Everybody knows who I am .
___
It 's making music with emotion . ''
The TSA order gives 72 airlines until Nov. 23 to turn over computerized data for passengers who traveled on domestic flights during June .


docset_id:D0921D-A
summary:
Superior Court Judge Soussan G. Bruguera moved the trial date from November to May 23 over the protests of XtraJet .
Lockyer wrote that even if Sneddon had personal animosity toward Jackson , that would not be enough to show a conflict of interest or warrant his removal .
About 20 Jackson fans stood before MTV 's studios in Times Square as Jackson blasted Eminem and his video .
Mayfair Gallery sells mostly 19th-century European furniture .
`` I 've been talking to the family , '' said Angel ( Eds .
They cried , '' the source said .


docset_id:D0922D-A
summary:
The agency 's inspector general , Glenn A .
Critics challenged the Justice Department 's aggressive defense of the law .
`` I encourage you to keep that debate honest , '' Townsend said .
Barr says he also consults for the American Conservative Union .
And group members want the language of the section that allows surveillance of protests rewritten to require a definite connection with suspected terrorism .
`` These provisions sweep far too broadly .
`` This is an important question of all Americans on the left , the right or in the middle . ''
___


docset_id:D0923D-A
summary:
But any employee need produce only one .
Calvo and Lungren also sparred over how much the driver 's licensing provisions would cost .
The National Conference of State Legislators has estimated that this effort would cost $ 500 million .
`` We have a very secure Georgia driver 's license to begin with , '' she said .
( End optional ad )
( END ITAL )
Another documented national growth industry involves easily obtained fake identification papers .
Alexander said .
`` In the short term , there will be lots of confusion , '' Henderson said .


docset_id:D0924D-A
summary:
It is unclear , though , whether courts will rule that the Vioxx recall eliminates such presumptions .
Although that study 's findings did not cause Vioxx to be withdrawn , Miller and Lopez-Mendez said the results put Vioxx lower on their list for prescribing .
That was down from $ 1.86 billion , or 82 cents per share , in the July-September period of 2003 .
Many plaintiffs ' lawyers say it is too early to make a realistic assessment of Merck 's financial vulnerability .
So far , most state judges have rejected the FDA immunity argument .


docset_id:D0925E-A
summary:
Jobs asked from the stage .
We 're really losing ground , '' Baker said .
In his speech , Jobs revealed that a team of Apple engineers has been secretly working on a transition from IBM 's PowerPC platform to an Intel-based architecture for five years inside a building on the firm 's Cupertino campus .
They 've done more transitions than anyone else . ''
IBM minimised the development .
The segment grew at a paltry 0.6 percent in 2004 , while IBM 's overall sales jumped 8.3 percent to $ 96 billion ( euro78.2 billion ) .


docset_id:D0926E-A
summary:
By LAURA BAUER
After offering a suggestion of where to put glue , Grassa was back to talking about the students and how they have been integral in helping get GlobalFlyer ready .
1 question airport director Rogers gets : `` Can we see the airplane ? ''
- Length : 44.1 feet ( 13.41 meters )
It wo n't be his first around-the-world flight .
Fully loaded , the plane carries 3,000 gallons of jet fuel , six times its own weight .
I 'm feeling healthy .
Moore said the GPS problem had been potentially very serious .


docset_id:D0927E-A
summary:
``
`` I think it sets the right example , '' Johnson said .
...
If it 's already spread , then surgery is not an option . ''
He often described himself as a terrible interview .
he wrote .
The man Mickelson picked was Walter Cronkite .
But transferring viewer affection to new anchors is not a simple matter , media experts said .
But TV news correspondent and anchor Morton Dean dismissed the idea that audiences no longer seek that kind of relationship .
`` They feel rootless . ''
Chemo strikes , '' Jennings wrote .


docset_id:D0928E-A
summary:
`` I firmly believe that I never did or intended to do anything wrong , '' he said .
This will be an important test of the `` idiot CEO '' defense ( see Richard Scrushy and Ken Lay , below ) .
The former Enron Corp. chairman faces two trials .
The cases will focus public attention again on corporate misbehavior , Coffee said .
On Wednesday , Jordan sat in the back row as Heimer finished his presentation .
Stillman said the minutes `` can not be relied on to prove anything '' because they are incomplete .


docset_id:D0929E-A
summary:
An evacuation order was issued Monday for Florida Keys as a tropical storm is moving quickly towards the southern US island chain .
She requested $ 10 million in assistance .
In London , the price of Brent North Sea crude for November delivery lost 1.29 dollars to 64.32 dollars per barrel .
Nearly 97,000 Katrina survivors are being housed in shelters across the United States , according to figures released Tuesday .
The Texas coastal county of Galveston will order a mandatory evacuation on Wednesday in preparation for Hurricane Rita , the office of emergency management said Tuesday .


docset_id:D0930F-A
summary:
The United States is expected to build only 72 .
The biggest long-term draw for gasification technology is its ability to capture carbon before combustion .
`` We 've got a Mercury problem internationally , '' Johnson said .
The method is known as isotope hydrology .
`` If it 's based on unsustainable water resources , you jeopardize everything . ''
Oxygen 18 represents about 1 oxygen atom in every 500 .
About 15 percent of the flue gas from a traditional coal-fired power plant is carbon dioxide , Socolow said .
CO2 storage animation : www.statoil.com/statoilcom/svg00990.nsf/web/sleipneren ? opendocument


docset_id:D0931F-A
summary:
A POTENTIAL DANGER
Years later , investigators discovered that he had taken blueprints for the centrifuges with him .
Still there was little action .
`` Some questions simply were never answered , '' said one senior intelligence official .
And what have we learned from Khan ?
Khan arguably has done more to undermine U.S. security than bin Laden .
-- Henry Sokolski , executive director of the Nonproliferation Policy Education Center in Washington , D.C .
`` Did Pakistan 's military know something was going on ?
I am a great man , '' ' Oakley said .


docset_id:D0932F-A
summary:
Trade groups contend that the results of those efforts are mixed .
-- Pooper scoopers : Many readers told me they put their old bags to good use .
Some readers point out that city residents already pay for these costs through taxes and garbage-collection fees .
`` A new bag is clean !
It may be dirty , even if you ca n't see the dirt with your eyes .
he writes .
-- Why just supermarkets ?
LOS ANGELES - Paper or plastic ?
The task force will likely talk about ways to collect and recycle bags .


docset_id:D0933F-A
summary:
But the standard and flipped versions of the chromosome 17 region last shared a common ancestor 3 million years ago .
Carolyn Susman writes for The Palm Beach Post .
Knowing that Ashley started out as a healthy child , it was hard to get her off my mind .
Have you unraveled the puzzle of Rett syndrome yet ?
Somehow I managed .
He is now trying to show that marijuana has a beneficial effect on immune functioning , he said .
Identical twins have the same set of epigenetic marks on the genome when they are born .


docset_id:D0934G-A
summary:
Sunday night , the French foreign minister , Michel Barnier , told LCI television that Arafat was alive but that his circumstances were complicated .
Oct 28 : Qorei and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speak by telephone .
- Israel says it will not restrict Arafat 's movements .
Nov 2 : Doctors issue a medical bulletin saying Arafat 's illness is not leukemia but fail to disclose the exact nature of his illness .
Barnier also announces that several Palestinian leaders , including acting Palestine Liberation Organisation leader Mahmud Abbas are expected in Paris the following day .


docset_id:D0935G-A
summary:
Why ?
Then the economy turned south , and some people felt baseball would be fortunate to get $ 200 million .
In the first regular-season game between thesefranchises , Tom Seaver started for the Mets at Shea Stadium and Coco Laboy powered the Expos to an 11-10 victory .
`` I was a little nervous , '' Beltran said .
The ceremony marking the Red Sox first World Series win since 1918 was an upbeat event despite political overtones .
Bush spotted Kerry as he arrived .
Mr. Angelos has threatened to sue unless he gets his way .


docset_id:D0936G-A
summary:
He said many presidents have been unhappy with their appointees .
Not enough homework
Transformations
There was a similar transformation for Blackmun , an appointee of President Nixon in 1970 .
Ideologues do n't morph
The court 's most consistent conservatives are Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas .
How can they be sure they wo n't get another Warren - or another White ?
`` We 've educated our members on this , '' Shelton said .
A non-judge !
Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vt. , added that he approved of going `` outside the judicial monastery . ''


docset_id:D0937G-A
summary:
Tobin Armstrong was a major financial backer of the Bush-Cheney team who died last October , with Cheney attending the funeral .
His eyes were open .
`` This was a hunting accident , '' said Gilbert San Miguel , chief deputy of the Kenedy County Sheriff 's office .
...
Sunday , Feb. 12 :
6 a.m. EST -- McClellan is awakened at home and told that Cheney was the shooter .
Her lobbying clients include several that do business with the federal government , though Armstrong said she did not believe that she had ever lobbied Cheney .


docset_id:D0938G-A
summary:
Wife of David S. Berry , who died in the south tower .
Chairman and chief executive of American Express .
Robert Wood Johnson IV .
Jerry I. Speyer .
The principals typically stay for this question-and-answer session , even though they are sometimes put on the spot .
Where would utility lines go if they could not fit in a shallower Greenwich Street roadbed ?
Because the railroad datum was deliberately set very deep -- exactly 300 feet below mean sea level at Sandy Hook , N.J. -- all measurements from it can be expressed as positive elevations .


docset_id:D0939H-A
summary:
Debris including seat cushions , bloody towels and luggage discarded by fleeing passengers littered the area .
( BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM )
He said that Metrolink is involved in three to five grade crossing accidents a year , some involving attempted or successful suicides .
But , Mrs. Alvarez was tracked to a modest home in the north section of Compton .
Carnage ensued .
`` We smelled the fire .
...
Mr. Alvarez began to threaten suicide to friends , investigators said .
And at first blush , he appears to understand the consequences of his actions . ''


docset_id:D0940H-A
summary:
Authorities have bold ambitions : They hope Mickey Mouse will bring in a total of 148 billion Hong Kong dollars ( US $ 19 billion ; euro15 billion ) over 40 years and transform the center for shopping and gourmet food into a tourist destination for all ages .
`` It has more news value than economic value , '' he said .
Statues of Donald Duck and Minnie Mouse stand nearby .
Disney has delved deepest into local culture with the menu , which encompasses several Asian cuisines .
___
But not dog-lovers , shark-defenders and fireworks foes .


docset_id:D0941H-A
summary:
Lockheed Martin engineer Chuck Rasbach helped design one of the Huygens cameras , which he called `` rugged , robust and compact . ''
It looks as though it will land within a few tens of meters of its planned landing site . ''
___
http : //saturn.jpl.nasa.gov
Zarnecki and other scientists have equipped the 700-pound stationary probe well : Huygens can measure its tilt to figure out if it lands on solid or liquid .
Perhaps .
Some kind of flow on the surface ?
`` But there 's still a lot to come .
___
http : //saturn.jpl.nasa.gov


docset_id:D0942H-A
summary:
An official of the Cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council ( MAC ) said Wednesday that the government will closely monitor developments in mainland China 's communications with the United States about its plan to enact an anti-secession law .
Chen called the proposed law the biggest threat to regional stability and peace in the world .
Greene expressed concern about the DPP 's attitude toward the `` anti-secession law '' and whether it will promote a law to counteract it , Lai said .
Wang made the announcement after a cross-party consultative meeting to discuss certain critical legislative bills .


docset_id:D0943H-A
summary:
We 're tired . ''
___
On the Net :
There is no doubt these people were murdered , '' Wright said .
( END OPTIONAL TRIM . )
But most of the prosecution 's case is based on supposed confessions Malik and Bagri gave to several associates that they deny making .
Bellows recalled , quoting from the witness ' testimony of what Malik told him .
She and her son , Eddie , have attended the trial regularly .
Even before the verdict is pronounced , relatives of the 331 victims are calling for a public inquiry .


docset_id:D0944H-A
summary:
( Optional add begins )
Jackson sued the board , claiming that his retaliatory firing violated Title IX of the federal 1972 Education Amendments , which requires equal treatment of boys and girls teams in scholastic sports .
But there are several cases dealing with the detention and deportation of noncitizens .
About half the states forbid all direct shipments of wine across their borders .
said Mitchell , 66 .
Two fishermen found the body 12 hours later .
Kennedy said the brief was `` chilling reading . ''
...
The clear leader remains Texas .
she asked .


