It is, therefore, clear that the Prime Minister's decision has not been influenced by any dramatic improvement in the ground situation. Markets are overcrowded, traffic jam is heavy and the shops are jostling with shoppers in the capital city of Srinagar in the Indian-administered Kashmir as the holy Moslem festival of Eid approaches here. But, around this Eid festival, there is more to the happy public mood than just the urge to over spend during the festival.
Families separated for decades by the Kashmir conflict shouted greetings over the noise of the fast-flowing river. They are allowing people to meet each other at Wagha (the main land border between Indian and Pakistan). My mother is there and I cannot go over to meet with her," said Begum, her relatives holding her back. Authorities on both sides were restricting access to the riverside at Karin, 90 kilometers (55 miles) north of Muzaffarabad, the capital of Pakistan-held Kashmir.
The official death toll in the Kashmir insurgency is more than 45,000, but Kashmiris say the real number is more than twice that. In January, former Indian Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee's government began the first talks with Kashmiri separatist leaders, but two rounds of discussions showed little progress. Farooq said Hurriyat leaders would travel to New Delhi next week to meet Pakistan's Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, who is expected to discuss new efforts to advance a peace process that began last year.
India accuses Pakistan of arming Muslim insurgents fighting for the region's independence or merger with Islamic Pakistan. But Singh shrugged off a suggestion by Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf last month that some areas of Kashmir be made independent, placed under joint Indian and Pakistani control, or put under United Nations administration. Singh _ on his first visit as prime minister to India's Jammu-Kashmir state _ also announced a four-year, multibillion-dollar development plan he promised would result in thousands of jobs for people in the region. Islamabad denies that.
We are asking for a solution that is acceptable to the people of Pakistan, India and the Kashmiris." The Indian- and Pakistan-controlled portions are separated by the so-called Line of Control. Pakistan and India began a peace process early this year, and are due to start formal talks on Kashmir next month. Pakistan says it would not accept the existing military line dividing Kashmir as an international border, and is playing down concern that India is irreconcilibly opposed to adjusting that frontier.
The prime ministers of India and Pakistan plan to meet here Wednesday in an effort to find new grounds for compromise in the long-running conflict over Kashmir. Both countries have hinted that Aziz's meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may produce agreement on opening bus service between the Indian- and Pakistani-controlled sections of Kashmir for the first time in 57 years of conflict over the Himalayan territory. Aziz's two-day visit comes amid mixed signals from India and Pakistan on their willingness to compromise on Kashmir.
Indian and Pakistani military commanders were to discuss Wednesday Indian charges that Pakistan fired mortar shells across the border into Indian-controlled Kashmir in violation of a 14-month ceasefire. The director-generals of military operations of the nuclear-armed neighbours were slated to talk by telephone about the incident that occurred late Tuesday. "The director generals of military operations will be talking later today," an Indian government official said, declining to be named. "The Pakistani side has denied firing. Let's see."
India blames Pakistan for fomenting the insurgency in Kashmir which has left at least 40,000 dead according Indian estimates, though separatists put the toll at twice that number. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Kashmir in April will be his third since he assumed office in May. "The prime minister will be in (the Indian Kashmir summer capital) Srinagar to flag off the first bus on April 7," Singh's spokesman said. The bus service was suspended in 1947 after the first India-Pakistan war over Kashmir.
Pakistani and Indian officials will exchange passenger lists for a bus service next month across the divided Kashmir region, a Foreign Ministry official said Monday. Pakistan and India agreed in February to re-establish a bus link between the Indian- and Pakistan-controlled portions of Kashmir as part of moves to improve relations between the two longtime rivals. The passengers on the first bus route will include men and women, as well as elderly people who have not seen relatives on the other side of the frontier for 50 years, he said.
Fifty-seven years of conflict has divided thousands of Kashmiri families. Some migrated in the aftermath of the bloody partition of the subcontinent in 1947, many more fled to the Pakistani side when a separatist insurgency took hold in the Indian portion of Kashmir in 1989. It was an event treated with pomp on both sides and observed with glee by thousands of Kashmiri villagers scattered on the steep mountainsides of the Jehlum Valley despite storm clouds, rain and lightning.
Peru's health minister said Monday that government plans to distribute morning-after birth control pills at public health clinics will begin as scheduled in January, despite an attempt by conservative lawmakers in this predominantly Roman Catholic country to have her prosecuted for promoting abortion. "The decision is made and there is no turning back," Health Minister Pilar Mazzetti told reporters. "This is not based on personal beliefs, but in technical and scientific studies that show the pill is not abortive."
Ultimately, it will be up to Food and Drug Administration officials to decide: Should older teens be able to buy emergency contraception without a prescription? Now that company, Barr Pharmaceuticals, has submitted a second proposal _ to sell its Plan B brand to people 16 and older, but to require anyone younger than that to consult a physician. "Drug companies have been getting away with calling it contraception by redefining pregnancy to mean implantation" of a fertilized egg.
This editorial appeared in Saturday's Los Angeles Times: A strong conviction that teenagers should not have sex can leave no room for reality--like the fact that many teenagers do have sex, no matter what society or their elders say. The Bush administration's simplistic policies for complicated and difficult family planning problems like teen pregnancies looked naive four years ago; their continued application in light of ongoing research looks ridiculous. Most parents certainly agree with President Bush that teen sex is a bad idea.
The pharmacist told Lacey that she did not believe in any form of birth control and advised her to go to a nearby Walgreens for assistance, said Lacey, of Fort Worth. I just want to know where they are going to draw the line." The Texas Alliance for Life supports the legislation, said Joe Pojman, executiv director. The first of possibly several bills seeking to let Texas pharmacists "just say no" to filling prescriptions for emergency contraceptives has been filed before the legislative session that begins in January.
Providing women with easy access to the emergency contraceptive Plan B did not lead them to engage in more risky sexual behavior, a study of more than 2,000 young California women has concluded. The findings led the study authors to conclude that easy access to Plan B, also called the morning-after pill, could cut the number of unwanted pregnancies while posing no apparent risk to women.
The women, part of a noisy protest in favor of making the morning-after pill available without a prescription, were taken away by officers of the Department of Homeland Security and charged with disorderly conduct. The protesters said they wanted to speak with Steven Galson, acting director of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, who in May rejected an application to allow Plan B to be sold over the counter.
Women with easy access were more likely to use Plan B, leading researchers to conclude that easy access could prevent unwanted pregnancies. If over-the-counter sales are permitted, older teenagers or adults might buy the pills for some of their younger friends or their sexual partners, critics say. Last May, the FDA rejected nonprescription sales of emergency contraception, against the overwhelming recommendation of the agency's own scientific advisers.
But the section on "Pregnancy Risk Evaluation and Care" is a scant half-page of euphemisms and generalities. But those who believe that life begins at conception think it is, and Justice officials apparently are seeking to appease them. This editorial appeared in Friday's Los Angeles Times: If President Bush and his allies in Congress are successful, the future could look much like that past.
We do have the power to make abortions rare, and it can be done without passing a law. Their efforts to keep young people ignorant about sex--with abstinence-only sex education--deprives many of them of the knowledge they need to prevent unwanted pregnancies. At some point, the left needs to accept that most Americans have grown uncomfortable with the practice of terminating pregnancies to avoid responsibility of rearing children and with partial-birth abortions that are done after the first trimester. What a choice.
Nearly one-third of sexually active Portuguese girls between the ages of 15 and 19 have taken the "morning-after" pill to prevent pregnancy, according to a study published Thursday in the daily Publico. The study, one of the largest ever carried out into the contraceptive habits of Portuguese women, also found 16 percent of all sexually active girls in this age group do not use any form of birth control at all, the paper said. Staunchly Roman Catholic Portugal has one of the highest teen pregnancy rates in the European Union.
The four-year project, which began in 2003, will initially cover communities that have benefited from the government's agrarian reform program in 16 provinces on the main southern island of Mindanao, acting Land Reform Secretary Nasser Pangandaman said. The project will provide electricity for the first time to more than 277,900 rural households, plus schools, potable water systems and health, village and livelihood centers, said Dioscora Tobias of the government's Solar Power Technology Support project.
But government help, combined with the recent climb in energy prices, has made solar more appealing. Energy Conversion Devices has other products, but its largest subsidiary, United Solar Ovonics, also known as Uni-Solar, is a solar-power business. Besides being microbes in an industry dominated by giants, none of the four independents were profitable last year. A silicon shortage has driven up the cost of solar-grade silicon by more than 60 percent over the last two years, said Michael Rogol, an analyst at Credit Lyonnais Securities Asia.
"The construction of the station will begin in 2006, it is irreversible," Moura mayor Jose Maria Pos-de-Mina was quoted as saying by Lusa news agency. The plant is expected to be completed in 2009 and will have a total cost of 250 million euros (307 million dollars). Southern Portugal's thinly populated Alentejo region has been identified as one of Europe's most promising regions for solar energy.
The solar backpack. It sounds ungainly, but two companies have made a go of it. Clear Blue Hawaii offers the Blue Sun Solarpac ($260, battery not included) and Voltaic Systems offers the Voltaic Backpack ($229, battery included). First, Blue Sun's solar panel, batteries and harness can be removed and used with other Clear Blue Hawaii products, saving $200 on a second bag. The same items in the Voltaic are fixed.
Speaking in an interview with CNA, Motech Industries Inc. President Leo Cheng said he urged the government to invest more in solar energy research when his company began investing in the field seven years ago. In 1998, Motech received permission to set up its Solar Electricity Division (Motech Solar) in the South Taiwan Science Park. Motech Solar has also started a pilot production line for wafer slicing to reduce cost and increase the supply of silicon wafers, Cheng said.
A team from Holland, known more for its windmills than its sunshine, on Wednesday won a four-day international solar-powered car race across Australia's deserts, notching up their third straight victory. High-tech cars from Australia, the United States and Japan were hot on its heels as the sliver-shaped, space-age Nuna 3 arrived in the southern city of Adelaide after the 3,000 kilometre (1,860 mile) race, organiser Chris Selwood told AFP.
He said over the course of time different companies gave different incentives to get markets moving, and that these incentives changed, upsetting the industry. Jeremy Bentham told the World Petroleum Congress in Johannesburg: "The solar industry needs stable markets. Reasons for countries to shift to renewable sources of energy included the need to preserve energy independence as well as the increase of air pollution in cities. Turbines in the Thames estuary were providing electricity to a quarter of homes in the greater London area.
On a day when their morning newspapers reported a projected 70 percent increase in natural gas bills, more than 160 central San Joaquin Valley residents spent Saturday checking out the possibilities of generating their own electricity through solar power. People taking the tour said they were concerned about rising energy bills and wanted to see how much money they could save by going solar.
Lower prices for solar equipment, higher efficiency and tax and rebate incentives from government and utility companies have caused more Long Islanders to look to lower their energy costs with solar power. The average 5 kilowatt residential solar system costs nearly $40,000 to buy and install, according to Gordian Raacke, director of Renewable Energy Long Island.
Solar panels are already used to provide a portion of train power in Japan. At Thursday's presentation, Testore also said Trenitalia was investing heavily to renew its fleet and raise safety levels. He said the number of accidents had dropped by half in the last eight years. Italy has unveiled Europe's first solar-power train, according to Italian News Agency ANSA on Thursday. The solar panels on the train's roof do not drive it but provide energy for its air conditioning, illumination and safety systems.
For Joan Humphrey Lefkow, the nightmare began shortly after her 2000 appointment as a federal judge, when an Oregon group's lawsuit to block white supremacists from using a name it had trademarked, World Church of the Creator, landed in her lap. Soon, Lefkow found her home address and family photographs posted along with violent threats on hate-filled Websites, and last April, one of the Aryan movement's most notorious leaders was convicted of plotting her murder.
White supremacists clashed with an angry crowd outside Faneuil Hall, where Holocaust survivors and their families were commemorating the liberation of Nazi concentration camps. Two people were arrested during Sunday's confrontation, officer John Boyle said. Sunday was the 60th anniversary of the end of the Allied victory over Nazi Germany. Inside the historic meeting house, Holocaust survivors, their children and grandchildren lit white candles to commemorate the estimated 6 million Jews killed by the Nazis.
Initially, Roy said, the boots were sold to make money for the National Alliance. A man identifying himself as Jim Reid, who lives near Austin, said in a recent telephone interview that Eynon is no longer associated with Aryan Wear and that he is the new president and chief executive officer. There are three "primary" owners, in Houston, Florida and New Jersey, and the new owners want to remain "silent partners," Reid said.
Doug Hanks said the postings were fictional and designed to win white supremacists' trust as he researched a novel he was writing. He said the book was also meant to appeal to white supremacists. "I needed information for the book and some other writings I was doing," Hanks told The Associated Press on Friday. "I did what I thought I needed to do to establish myself as a credible white nationalist."
While the promise of this weekend's mass demonstrations have a few jittery, area law enforcement and activists are planning to defuse confrontations that could turn a verbal showdown into a physical brawl. Hundreds of peace and pro-Bush demonstrators are expected to pack Crawford and the areas near President Bush's ranch house over the weekend. However, the potential appearance of white supremacists and the planned Sunday visit of activist and former presidential candidate Rev.
A white Republican lawmaker who contends he was excluded from a Black legislative group solely because of his race said Tuesday that the group is even more racist than the Ku Klux Klan. "My understanding is that the KKK doesn't even ban members by race," Rep. Stacey Campfield, a lawmaker from Knoxville, told The Associated Press, adding that the KKK "has less racist bylaws" than the black lawmakers' group.
-- William Bennett, radio talk show host and former U.S. education secretary WASHINGTON--A protest demonstration is scheduled for Wednesday at the Salem Radio Network in Arlington, Va., where William Bennett works. That is, until Bennett spoke of aborting "black babies," and suddenly those fetuses become precious pre-born black people who must be saved from the evil Dr. Bill. "Traditional African education focused on integrity, and we need to refocus on that," Coppock said. Bennett?
Bob White, leader of the movement, said police forced his group to disband after the protestors gathered around them and began to throw stones. Rioting erupted Saturday in an impoverished neighborhood of Toledo, Ohio after hundreds of counter-protestors broke up a planned march by a neo-Nazi group, Toledo police confirmed. Scores of rioters rampaged through streets wrecking cars and setting a building on fire in north Toledo after police fired tear gas on the anti-Nazi group.
A crowd protesting a white supremacists' march turned violent, throwing baseball-sized rocks at police, vandalizing vehicles and stores, and setting fire to a neighborhood bar, authorities said. He said people in the crowd swore at him and wanted to know why he was protecting the Nazis. At least 65 people were arrested and several police officers were injured before calm was restored about four hours later. Several officers and firefighters suffered minor injuries, Navarre said.
In the days leading up to a white supremacist march, ministers pleaded with residents in the predominantly black neighborhood to stay calm and community leaders organized peace rallies. It wasn't enough to stop an angry mob that included gang members from looting and burning a neighborhood bar, smashing the windows of a gas station and hurling rocks and bottles at police on Saturday. Twelve officers were injured, one suffering a concussion when a brick flew through her cruiser window.
A 4,000-page draft environmental impact study by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was completed last month after a nearly three-year process. A company called Winergy LLC applied for an offshore wind farm permit from the Norfolk District of the Army Corps of Engineers, but that application has been withdrawn. An amendment to the 2005 defense authorization bill currently before Congress could immediately halt the development of offshore wind-power facilities in the United States, including a controversial project planned for coastal Massachusetts, environmental groups and developers said this week.
So is wind power really benign? In the Great Plains there is a nighttime stream of fast-moving air that separates cool, moist air near the ground from drier, warmer air above. But a wind farm with hundreds or even thousands of large turbines removes an enormous amount of energy from the air. The impact, said the study's lead author, Dr. Somnath Baidya Roy, comes not so much from the turbines' rotor blades slowing down the air but from atmospheric mixing that occurs in the blades' wake.
Taiwan Power Co. (Taipower) will invest more than NT $10 billion in developing wind power generation in the next 10 years, a company spokesman said Sunday. The 10-year development plan is part of the state-owed firm's efforts to substantiate the government's eco-friendly "green power generation" policy.
The 454-megawatt project would provide a source of pollution-free, renewable power that could displace fossil fuel sources in the region. The report on Cape Wind's 130-turbine proposal finds few costs to marine or bird life that might outweigh the project's benefits to both the environment and the economy. Unless the United States and the rest of the world get serious about global warming and sea-level increases, the Cape town of Orleans could be "under the waves" by 2100, according to Philip Warburg, president of the Conservation Law Foundation.
If the Army Corps sticks to the 60-day public comment period, the agency is likely to issue a decision next year. A spokeswoman for TRC said Nickerson's comments were untrue. The idea they would be biased to any particular energy source is ridiculous," said spokeswoman Samantha Guerry.
But instead of helping to settle the question, the report fed the debate over building there and where--or whether--other wind farms should be built in the nation's coastal waters. Birds will fly into the towers and die, the statement says, but probably at a rate of only about one a day, not enough "to cause bird population declines." The power would go into the regional grid, not precisely to Cape Cod and the islands, he said.
And just like Amendment 37, which clawed its way onto the ballot through petitions, what happened on the campus came entirely from the bottom up. That's what people were worried about," said Michael B. Smith, the general manager of utilities for Fort Collins. "We will be closely watching what happens." "We'll see."
The power in Green Mountain's 100 percent wind plan comes from turbines operating in Texas, but most of the hydroelectric power in the new plan is generated in neighboring states, such as Arkansas and Oklahoma, Savage said. Houston-area electricity customers can pay as little as 9.6 cents per kilowatt-hour, a rate offered by Houston-based Gexa Energy. Other companies, like Starlight Electric and Cirro Energy, also offer rates below the price Reliant charges.
Some environmental groups, including the Conservation Law Foundation and Greenpeace believe the trade-off in terms of energy and pollution savings is worth it. But Cape Wind Associates, the developer behind the proposal, is fighting the wealthy and well-connected, including Senator Edward M. Kennedy and other Kennedy kin along with some average Cape residents. Joan Vennochi's e-mail address is vennochiglobe.com. I've seen wind farms, and they are not pretty."
But specialists say the rush is on now for offshore wind energy, and northern Europe is leading the way. "This is where the tuna pass and this is where we work," said Manuel Ponce Alva, leader of fishermen's protest movement, waving a marine map covered with ominous red arrows. Spain is already one of Europe's largest producers of wind power, second only to Germany, and its present capacity of 8,500 megawatts can supply close to 5 percent of the country's electricity.
As stormy weather continued to pound Southern California on Saturday, about 170 people were freed from cars near Big Bear where they had been trapped for up to 15 hours in deep snow, several of the state's major arteries were closed and rescue workers pulled two people from raging streams. Serious concerns remained about how the water-logged region would hold up with storms expected to continue at least through Sunday evening. Although there appeared to be no major flooding or mudslides, the day was not without drama.
"It's stationary off the coast and constantly pumps in moist water from the south," he said. When rescue workers arrived, they said, only one of his limbs was visible. On Laurel Canyon Boulevard, three people were safe after their 5,000-square-foot house collapsed, apparently the result of a mudslide. Firefighters rescued the man's 10-year-son. No one was injured, though one house was damaged.
"We drove up to look around, then saw a mudslide and I said, We better get out of here," Brynjegard said. While there might be blue skies on the horizon, the relentless storm system that has hovered over Southern California since Thursday caused massive flooding, mudslides, power outages, several evacuations, school closures and disrupted commuter rail service. It will be the last storm at least for a while and forecasters say Southern Californians will see sunshine Tuesday, ending a wave of storms.
Usually sunny southern California has been whipped the past few days by storms that have killed at least two and caused floods, mudslides, power blackouts and deadly traffic accidents. A man and his two children were rescued from the rubble of their hillside home in Studio City after it collapsed in a heavy downpour. Hundreds of cars were stranded in the snow in San Bernardino National Forest, east of Los Angeles. About 12,000 Los Angeles residents were without power, officials said.
"It covered the same three or four houses it hit the first time, then came across the street and hit six or seven more houses. "We have one dead and numerous injuries," said Myrna Raya, fire information officer for the Ventura County Fire Department. Rescuers were searching through the mud for survivors, she said. Mike and Barbara Bell, residents of La Conchita since 1983, said the landslide struck without warning about 1:15 p.m. PST.
A helicopter took a 62-year-old man to a hospital, where he was listed in critical condition. The bluffs, saturated by Pacific-borne storms that began on Friday, were known to be unstable, and Ventura County fire officials asked residents on Monday morning to leave voluntarily. "Most people chose to leave, but a few did not," Raya said.
A helicopter took a 62-year-old man to a hospital, where he was listed in critical condition. The disaster was the latest problem caused by the rain and snow that have battered California since Dec. 25. Downtown Los Angeles has had more than 15 inches of rain since Jan. 1, more than its average rainfall for an entire year, including 2.6 inches on Sunday, a record, the National Weather Service said.
Rescuers pulled three more bodies from the mud on Tuesday, bringing the official death count to six. Conrad Quintana of the county fire department said. "A part of an arm. A cough. Someone crying. "He ran up there and started digging with his hands. The collapse of the hillside here was a deadly coda to five days of merciless rains across Southern California that have left 20 dead and driven thousands from their homes under threat of floods and mudslides.
The New York Times said in an editorial for Wednesday, Jan. 12: Here we are, three weeks into winter, and the season has delivered almost every kind of weather it has to deliver: waterspouts off Ventura, Calif., ice storms in the central Plains, glacial fog in the Texas Panhandle, profound depths of snow in the Sierra Nevada, flooding in the Ohio Valley and an all too familiar mix of ice, snow and rain in the Northeast.
"We have been told that the route from Los Angeles to Chicago has effectively been closed," said Scott Dailey, a spokesman for APL, a leading shipper of intermodal cargo containers and a unit of Neptune Orient Lines of Singapore. Union Pacific, which was suffering major congestion problems on its tracks before the heavy rainfall, is the nation's largest railroad, with 33,000 miles of track from the West to the Midwest.
The memo was aimed at granting Bush authority to attack groups such as the Abu Sayef rebels in the Philippines or the militant Shiite Muslim group Hezbollah, Berenson told the magazine. A Justice Department lawyer wrote a secret memo to the White House in 2001 concluding that President George W. Bush has the authority to wage preemptive war against terrorists and countries even if they were not linked to the September 11 attacks, Newsweek magazine reported Saturday.
Until now, administration officials have been unwilling to provide details about what role Gonzales had in the production of the memorandum by the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. Some discussed it in an attempt to clear up what they viewed as a murky record in advance of Gonzales' confirmation hearing.
The following commentaries and editorials are also listed on the main newsfeature budget that moved Thursday to the general advisory category. TIMES EDITORIAL, upcoming; POST EDITORIAL, moved (both k). QUAKE-COMMENT--All the evidence from paleoclimatology and geology suggests that over the long haul, the climate extremes we face will be substantially greater than even the strongest in our brief historical record.
In his prepared Senate testimony, Gonzales was repeating the contention that terrorists are not soldiers and thus are not covered by the conventions. White House counsel Gonzales, in line to become the first Hispanic attorney general, had a hand in much of the White House's post-Sept. 11 terrorism policies as President George W. Bush's top lawyer.
There's little or no chance they'll get any of them. Who was that good-looking guy sitting behind Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, during Gonzales's hearing on Thursday? It's James Ho, now Cornyn's chief counsel on the Constitution subcommittee. Senate Judiciary Democrats and liberal allies have been hoping for months to get their mitts on internal administration documents relating to torture and prison abuses--some of them involving attorney general nominee Alberto Gonzales.
"What the administration is saying is we're not going to torture people," said John C. Yoo, a University of California, Berkeley law professor who as a deputy assistant attorney general during Bush's first term worked on torture policies. Graham said he was an "ardent" Iraq war supporter and agreed with the controversial administration view that the Geneva Convention--which bans not only torture but also cruel treatment--should not apply to terrorists.
NATIONS-COMMENT--President Truman understood from the start what the Bush administration today seems unwilling to concede: that the benefits of international cooperation are well worth the cost. LANGUAGE-COMMENT--Otherwise intelligent people are shunning the virtues of a straightforward sentence or an elegant construction, or even just a grammatically comprehensible one. The following commentaries and editorials are also listed on the main newsfeature budget that moved Wednesday to the general advisory category. The editor is Carlos Selva in Los Angeles at (213) 237-7832.
The New York Times said in an editorial for Saturday, Feb. 19: Of all the claims of an electoral mandate made by President Bush's supporters, none were as bizarre as the one offered by John Yoo, a former Justice Department lawyer who helped draft the cynical justifications for the illegal detention and torture of "unlawful combatants." "The debate is over," Yoo told The New Yorker, adding: "The issue is dying out. The public has had its referendum."
Upcoming. Upcoming. Upcoming. Upcoming. The editor is Carlos Selva in Los Angeles at (213) 237-7832. Category codes of stories are in parentheses. NATIONS-COMMENT--In hearings last week, John Bolton, President Bush's nominee to be U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, pledged to "forge a stronger relationship between the United States and the United Nations"; this kinder, gentler Bolton is exactly what the United Nations does not need; it needs the radical skepticism of the old Bolton.
With his even tones and calm demeanor, his natty suits and warm charm, the 37-year-old constitutional scholar is the embodiment of "reasonable," not the first person you'd expect to find at the heart of an international fight over terrorism, torture and the American way.
International air service was suspended, phone and Internet connections were cut and the army was reported to be patrolling streets in the capital of Katmandu. The king's action Tuesday effectively restored the monarchy to the position of absolute power it occupied before Gyanendra's elder brother, King Birendra, established democracy in 1990. Political opponents described the action as a coup. Security personnel surrounded the home of the prime minister, Sher Bahadur Deuba, according to news agency reports.
China respects the choice of Nepalese in developing their own country and sincerely wishes the nation to realize social security, economic development and ethnic pacification, Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan told a regular press conference here Tuesday. He made this remark when asked to comment on Nepal's King Gyanendra's Tuesday announcement of dissolving the coalition government led by Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba and forming a new government under his own "chairmanship".
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Tuesday expressed deep concern over events in Nepal and urged a return to democracy, after King Gyanendra dismissed the country's coalition government and imposed an indefinite state of emergency.
The British government expressed grave concerns Tuesday about political developments in Nepal, after the king dismissed the prime minister and declared a state of emergency. Foreign Office Minister Douglas Alexander summoned the Nepalese ambassador in London and conveyed Britain's concern at King Gyanendra's actions. "I am extremely concerned to hear of the king of Nepal's dismissal of his prime minister this morning," said Alexander. "This action will increase the risk of instability in Nepal, undermining the institutions of democracy and constitutional monarchy in the country.

Traffic was moving normally in the crowded capital and most shops were open, according to news reports. Nepal's King Gyanendra named a new Cabinet Wednesday, a day after dismissing the government and declaring absolute power in a surprise move that he said was aimed at restoring democracy and ending a nine-year Maoist rebellion. Dozens of politicians have been arrested and many others have gone into hiding, an opposition politician told the Associated Press. Soldiers and riot police patrolled the capital, Katmandu.
The European Union on Wednesday joined international condemnation of Nepalese King Gyanendra's dismissal of his government and swearing in of a new cabinet dominated by royalists. "The EU is deeply concerned about the dissolution of the multiparty government in Nepal and the decision by the king to assume executive powers," it said in a statement. The EU has consistently supported multiparty democracy and constitutional monarchy in Nepal," it said. "This represents a serious setback to multiparty democracy. The EU said this was not good enough.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Thursday had a telephonic conversation with King Gyanendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev of Nepal, a Foreign Office spokesman said. Matters relating to the holding of the 13th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) Summit as well as Pakistan-Nepal relations were discussed, the spokesman said in a press release issued here on Thursday.
Japan, the top donor to aid-dependent Nepal, on Thursday voiced concern at King Gyanendra's power grab and urged him to restore democracy and release any detained political leaders. Joining a chorus of international condemnation over the king's sacking of the government, Japan said it hoped "Nepal will recover its peace and stability as soon as possible on the basis of democracy and constitutional monarchy."
"They steal the name...(of) China's great leader, Mao Zedong. Beijing said Gyanendra's move to dismiss the government and impose a state of emergency in Nepal last Tuesday was an "internal matter." China's reaction, coupled with a recent move by Gyanendra to close the Nepal office of the Tibetan spiritual leader-in-exile, the Dalai Lama _ whom Beijing despises and labels a dangerous separatist _ has prompted speculation among Indian analysts that the king wants to enlist China's support in fighting the Maoist rebels.
But he said the pact's key goal _ a joint Catholic-Protestant administration _ would be revived only "in the context of a complete end to IRA paramilitarism and criminality and the putting beyond use of their weapons." The major Protestant party, the Democratic Unionists, refuses to cooperate with Sinn Fein, the IRA-linked party that represents most Catholics, citing the IRA's continued underground activities.
The IRA's alleged misdeeds were highlighted by a massive bank raid in Belfast in December, blamed by police on the group, as well as the murder of Robert McCartney, a Belfast man beaten and stabbed to death in a bar in what his relatives say was an attack carried out by IRA activists. Britain expects an "imminent" statement from the IRA as to whether the Northern Irish paramilitary group is to agree to an appeal from its political wing to abandon violence, a government minister said Monday.
Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern admitted on Tuesday that he had held a series of private one-on-one meetings on the Northern Ireland peace process with Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams, but denied they had been secret in any way. Answering questions in parliament, Ahern told MPs that the meetings with Adams, whose party is the political wing of the IRA, Northern Ireland's main Catholic paramilitary group, had merely been to maintain dialogue. He said there had been "possibly three or four meetings" with Adams since March.
In an unusual show of agreement, Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern and the Rev. Ahern and Paisley _ a hard-liner who opposes Irish involvement in Northern Ireland and didn't begin meeting Ahern until last year _ spoke separately after a 90-minute meeting at the Irish embassy in London. They said the Irish Republican Army was standing in the way of revived Catholic-Protestant cooperation in Northern Ireland. Both emphasized that the IRA must demonstrate its voluntary demise in concrete ways.
A Roman Catholic priest appealed Saturday to the Irish Republican Army to reveal the burial spots of more than a dozen people whose bodies have never been found. The Rev. Sean Dooley made his plea at the funeral of Gareth O'Connor, 24, an IRA dissident who disappeared in May 2003. Last weekend, police divers found his body still inside his car in a canal in Newry, 40 miles (65 kilometers) south of Belfast.
Any public pledge by the Irish Republican Army to cease all activities, including crime, should be weighed over time to test whether it's genuine, the British governor of Northern Ireland said Tuesday. Northern Ireland Secretary Peter Hain said the government was soon expecting the IRA to issue a new peace declaration that would address a long-standing demand for the outlawed group to disarm fully and disband. He said until the IRA did this, Protestant leaders would refuse to share power with Sinn Fein, the IRA-linked party that represents most Catholics.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern were to chair the first major review of the Northern Ireland situation since the British general election in May at a meeting in London later Monday. The talks, which will include senior ministers from both sides, were being held under the auspices of the British-Irish Intergovernmental Conference (BIIGC) which was set up under the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met Wednesday with British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Peter Hain and reaffirmed support for the implementation of the Good Friday accords. The 1998 Good Friday peace deal largely ended three decades of intercommunity violence in Northern Ireland and established a power-sharing executive and assembly. "The United States continues to support fully the British and Irish governments' efforts to implement the Good Friday Accords," State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said.
He said it would also put "enormous pressure" on Northern Ireland's largest party, the hardline Democratic Unionist Party led by Ian Paisley, "to come on board the peace process" for the first time. "It is clear that a positive response from the IRA would have an immediate and enormous impact on the political situation."
Three senior Sinn Fein leaders, including party president Gerry Adams, have stepped down from their posts on the ruling body of the party's Irish Republican Army military wing according to the Irish Independent newspaper on Saturday. The newspaper said Adams, chief negotiator Martin McGuinness and convicted gun-runner Martin Ferris who is an lawmaker in the Irish Republic's parliament have all resigned from the seven-man army council of the Catholic IRA paramilitary group.
The Tamil Tigers were reportedly undertaking a three-week tour of Denmark, Ireland, Switzerland and Sri Lanka's peace broker Norway to persuade donors to use aid as a tool to pressure the government to resume peace talks based on rebel self-rule proposals. Sri Lanka's top Tamil Tiger rebel group on Friday began a week-long meeting in Switzerland which is meant to prepare for the next round of peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, the Swiss foreign ministry said.
The peace process stalled since April 2003 is yet to be revived as internecine clashes have stood in the way among other issues. Internecine clashes between Sri Lankan Tamil Tiger rebels' rival factions continued in the east and one of the members of the mainstream rebel group has been killed, defense officials said on Thursday.
"We've been accused of siding with Karuna's group, but what we have shown that all we are interested is in maintaining law and order in areas where we are present," Leuke said. Diplomats involved in Sri Lanka's stalled peace process have said the factional fighting was holding up efforts to revive direct negotiations between Colombo and the main rebel outfit. The government here has accused the Tigers of killing over 250 of their political rivals since a truce arranged by peacebroker Norway went into effect in February 2002.
Sri Lankan government has finalised a set of counter proposals to the Interim Self Governing Authority (ISGA) proposal put forward by the Tamil Tiger rebles, the government spokesman said here Thursday. Mangala Samaraweera, the Minister of Information and Ports, said "counter proposals are ready and waiting," adding that the government was looking forward to the revival of direct negotiations with Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels.
A total of 10 Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels were released on bail on Thursday in the eastern Batticaloa district, the pro-rebel Tamilnet said. The LTTE rebels have been observing a Norwegian-brokered ceasefire since February 2002 when the two sides entered a truce agreement.
Two members belonging to the mainstream Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels were killed in a shooting incident that happened late Thursday night at the eastern Batticaloa district's Punkudawali area controlled by the LTTE rebels. Two more killings took place in Sri Lanka's eastern area on Thursday night amid continuous internecine clashes between Tamil Tiger rebel rival factions, police said Friday. The LTTE's renegade eastern commander known as Karuna was suspected for the killings, police said.
Sri Lankan Tamil rebels have said that they will release two homeguards held captive by them on Monday at the earliest possible date after they were produced before a rebel court in Sampur in the east of the country, the official Daily News said on Saturday. Hagrup Haukland, deputy chief of the Sri Lanka Monitoring Mission overseeing the ongoing ceasefire between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels, said that the rebels had convey this message to them after consultation with their political wing leader S.P.
Akashi, who is due to be here on Oct. 27, will hold talks with high ranking officials of both the government and the opposition in capital Colombo and the leadership of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels in the rebel-held northern town of Kilinochchi. He is expected to raise the issues of LTTE's recruitment of child soldiers and political killings in the north and east as well as in Colombo when he meets the LTTE leadership.
Sri Lankan Tamil Tiger rebels on Tuesday denied their killing of a Swiss national in the eastern Batticaloa town and accused a media report of discrediting the rebel group by concocting the story. The rebels said that Acting Head of the Sri Lanka Monitoring Mission Hagrup Haukland has informed them that the preliminary investigation conducted by the truce monitors indicated that "this is an individual criminal act which has no connection whatsoever with the LTTE."
Japan's special envoy Yasushi Akashi arrived here on Wednesday to start a seven-day visit to push for an early resumption of peace talks between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil Tiger rebels, governmental sources said. Akashi will stay in the country until Nov. 2 to persuade the Sri Lankan government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to resume peace talks as soon as possible. Peace talks between the government and the LTTE rebels have been deadlocked since April last year after six previous rounds which started in September 2002.
That would mean the United States for Fischer. A renunciation would make him a man without a country. Fukushima met Masaharu Miura, chief of the justice ministry's immigration bureau, who had told parliament Tuesday that the chess genius could only be deported to his country of origin--the United States. Fischer's supporters accuse the United States of piling pressure both on Japan and Iceland so it can get ahold of the chess legend.
Mizuho Fukushima, head of the Social Democratic Party, said senior immigration officials told her that Fischer could go to Iceland instead of the United States if he is given citizenship there. Officials say they do not know how much longer that could take. Chess genius Bobby Fischer, now in a Japanese detention cell awaiting deportation to the United States, will be allowed to leave Japan for Iceland if that country grants him citizenship, an opposition party leader said Wednesday.
Several Icelandic politicians indicated Wednesday that parliament was now likely to grant Fischer citizenship. Legislator Gudrun Ogmundsdottir told The Associated Press that a citizenship motion would probably be approved by the nine-member committee on Thursday. If it passes, it will go before Iceland's 63-member parliament, the Althingi. "Somebody would then go over to Japan with the passport, which would enable him to travel here or anywhere in the world," she added.
A parliamentary committee met here Thursday to discuss granting citizenship to Bobby Fischer, but made no decision, saying it needed more information from Japan, where the mercurial chess genius is being held in custody. Legislator Gudrun Ogmundsdottir had said the citizenship motion would probably be passed by the nine-member committee Thursday, then be placed before Iceland's 63-member parliament, the Althingi. If so, an Icelandic passport would be delivered to Fischer in Japan, enabling him to travel wherever he wanted.
A parliamentary committee voted Friday to grant citizenship to fugitive U.S. chess star Bobby Fischer, putting the issue up for a vote by all legislators. "The matter has been finished," said Gudrun Oegmundsdpttir, a member the General Committee. "It will now go before the parliament on Monday for the vote." Fischer, 62, has been detained in Japan awaiting deportation to the United States, where he is wanted for violating economic sanctions against the former Yugoslavia by playing a highly publicized chess match there in 1992.
"The matter has been finished," Gudrun Oegmundsdottir, a member the General Committee, said after Friday's vote. Since being taken into custody in July for allegedly trying to leave Japan on a revoked U.S. passport, Fischer has repeatedly denounced the U.S. deportation order as politically motivated, demanded refugee status, renounced his U.S. citizenship and said he wants to become a German national instead.
He was accused of trying to leave the country without a valid passport. It is partly for that reason, said Bjarni Benediktsson, chairman of the parliamentary committee, who last week recommended that Fischer be granted Icelandic citizenship, that the full parliament voted in favor of his request on Monday. Fischer's supporters said they had received assurances from Japan that, with full Icelandic citizenship and passport, he would be free to leave the country.
This latest episode began in July 2004, when he tried to board a plane from Japan to Manila and was seized by the Japanese authorities and accused of trying to leave the country on an invalid passport. His supporters said they had received assurances from Japan that with full Icelandic citizenship and passport, Fischer would be free to leave the country. He said Fischer was likely to make Iceland his home, at least for the time being.
Chess legend Bobby Fischer was on Monday granted citizenship by the parliament of Iceland, a move which could allow him to avoid deportation from Japan to the United States where he is wanted for violating sanctions against the former Yugoslavia. "It is done. Fischer, 62, who is in detention in Japan, faces prison if he returns to the United States. Iceland had previously sent Fischer a passport which showed residency status but not full nationality, a document not deemed sufficient to save him from deportation to the United States.
The legislation, passed with 40 lawmakers voting "aye" and two abstaining following a brief debate, became law immediately. "I am very pleased with this, and I think that the dignity of the parliament has increased," Fischer's supporter Saemundur Palsson said. There is widespread support for Fischer in Iceland, where he played the Soviet Union's Boris Spassky in a world championship match in 1972. But Japanese officials declined to release him.
"They said the president really believed that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," Sheehan added. Hadley and Hagin said they would relay her sentiments to the president, according to Sheehan. Bush has met privately around the country with numerous family members of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan, but not with relatives who are overtly against the war. The way to honor that sacrifice is to complete the mission so that their lives were not lost in vain," said White House deputy press secretary Trent Duffy.
The mother, Cindy Sheehan, who has made regular public appearances in opposition to the war, was accompanied by several dozen chanting anti-war activists, including other parents who had lost children to the war, as she walked down a country road toward Bush's ranch. About five miles from the ranch, they were met by the local police, who barred them from getting any closer. Sheehan said she would remain as close as possible until Bush agreed to see her.
She said Hagin told her, "I want to assure you that he (Bush) really does care." The angry mother of a fallen U.S. soldier has met with advisers of President George W. Bush after staging a protest near his ranch to demand an accounting of how the president has conducted the war in Iraq. Cindy Sheehan told reporters: "I want to ask the president, 'Why did you kill my son? What did my son die for?"'
The mother of a fallen U.S. soldier who is holding a roadside peace vigil near President George W. Bush's ranch shares the same grief as relatives mourning the deaths of Ohio Marines, yet their views about the war differ. I want the troops home," Cindy Sheehan, 48, of California, who staged a protest that she vowed on Sunday to continue until she can personally ask Bush: "Why did you kill my son? Jim Boskovitch, father of slain Cpl.
The 48-year old mother of Army Spc. She came away from that meeting dissatisfied and angry. None of that stopped her. But then Cindy Sheehan hit town. By Wednesday afternoon, "Cindy Sheehan" was the top-ranked search term on Technorati.com, the search engine for blog postings. "We wanted (the president) to look at pictures of Casey, we wanted him to hear stories about Casey, and he wouldn't. He wouldn't say Casey's name, called him: `your loved one . '
Sheehan, who has been demanding an audience with the president, told the bloggers that she has felt intimidated by the Secret Service, has been awakened in the middle of the night by thunderstorms and has a sore throat. Trippi, who managed Howard Dean's presidential campaign, urged the bloggers to write about her protest on their individual sites.
Kenneth Vanek of the McLennan County Sheriff's Office. The mother of a U.S. soldier killed in Iraq who started a quiet roadside peace vigil near President George Bush's ranch last weekend is drawing supporters from across the nation. Dozens of people have joined her and others have sent flowers and food. "Before my son was killed, I used to think that one person could not make a difference," she said Wednesday under a tent where she has slept since Saturday.
As a roadside anti-war vigil initiated by a California woman who lost a son in Iraq continued near his ranch Thursday, President Bush said that he sympathizes with her loss but that agreeing to her demand to immediately withdraw troops "would be a mistake for the security of this country." Speaking to reporters after meeting with members of his national security team, Bush said he has heard the voices of Cindy Sheehan and grieving family members who say the United States should leave Iraq because of the mounting death toll.
Bush's update on defense and foreign policy issues comes at a time when his approval ratings are hovering below 50 percent. Vice President Dick Cheney and top-rung advisers, including Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, were coming for the serious talks about issues ranging from ongoing violence in Iraq and standoffs with Iran and North Korea over their nuclear programs to anti-American sentiment abroad, especially in the Middle East. His approval on his handling of Iraq stood at 38 percent.
Casey joined the Army in 2000, never imagining he would see combat. Five days after he arrived in Iraq last year, the 24-year-old was killed in Sadr City. Sheehan knows nothing can bring back her son, but she wants to talk to President George W. Bush. "Before my son was killed, I used to think that one person could not make a difference," she said Wednesday under a tent where she has slept since arriving.
A granite monument of the Ten Commandments outside the Texas Capitol amounts to an unconstitutional government endorsement of religion, a lawyer favoring a high wall between church and state told the Supreme Court on Wednesday. Rulings in the cases could decide the shape of church-state relations for decades to come. In its current version, the Ten Commandments are surrounded by historic American and British political and patriotic documents.
How then can it be unconstitutional to have a monument with Ten Commandments sitting outside the Capitol, she asked. "This is a sacred and solemn text. "That's what this is about. Those who do not wish to see the Ten Commandments at the Capitol grounds "can avert their eyes." she asked.
Supreme Court and the California Supreme Court are considering the question of how far prosecutors should be allowed to go in presenting conflicting facts to different juries. (COURT-PROSECUTE, moved.) (BRYANT, upcoming about midnight EST.) (ITALY-VANISHED, moved.) EST. Above the fold: Cols 2-4: Story on Los Angeles Mayor James Hahn's record on crime.
He noted that the chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court lost his job in 2003 for defying a federal order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from his state courthouse. Lawyers with the American Civil Liberties Union and a Texas plaintiff argued that the Ten Commandments presuppose the existence of a God. Although the tablets can be displayed on government property in a secular context, they said, displays in Texas and Kentucky went too far, violating the First Amendment's prohibition on establishing an official state religion.
Did it matter that the two Kentucky courthouses now seeking to display a framed Ten Commandments surrounded by nine nonreligious historical documents had at first hung unadorned copies of the Commandments and did not add the other documents until after a lawsuit was filed? The message of the Ten Commandments was deeply religious he said: "All of these are God's commands to his people." Scalia broke in, adding that "everyone knows" that the reference would be to the Ten Commandments. "Context matters enormously," Chemerinsky said.
Chemerinsky countered that while the inclusion of "God" in a prayer may be a symbol, displaying a religious text like the Ten Commandments conveys a "profound religious message." When it was Abbott's turn, Justice John Paul Stevens asked him whether he would consider a crucifix of the same size and shape on the Capitol grounds constitutionally acceptable. "You are asking us to ignore the religious purpose?" she asked.
The Ten Commandments monument on the Texas Capitol grounds should remain because it is a cultural and historical symbol that does not violate the separation of church and state, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott told the U.S. Supreme Court Wednesday. The cases constituted the first Ten Commandments dispute to come before the court in a quarter-century and attracted dozens of third-party participants, from atheists to religious groups. Hundreds of protesters from at least a half-dozen states mustered on the Supreme Court steps, often kneeling in impromptu prayer services.
he asked from behind a borrowed computer at the University of Texas law library. Van Orden, a suspended lawyer who put his age at 60, compiled the case while homeless, living in a tent on a wooded tract in Austin, surviving on food stamps, while writing his briefs at the law library and scrounging for writing materials. But he disdained what he portrayed as the caricaturing of his story by journalists. "I don't think I should accept anyone's money to go," he said.
The US Supreme Court on Wednesday was to review the displaying in public spaces of the Ten Commandments, the fundamental moral precepts of Judeo-Christian religions, in a case that could define the extent of separation of church and state in American society. Following challenges to the use of public property for displaying the commandments in Texas and Kentucky, the court will decide under what conditions, if at all, such explicitly religious displays are permitted.
Appearing to endorse the displays--while noting most Americans could not recite the commandments--conservative justice Antonin Scalia called them "the symbol that government derives its authority from God." The US Supreme Court heard arguments Wednesday on the constitutionality of displaying in public spaces the Ten Commandments, in a case on the officially mandated separation of church and state in US society. In the coming weeks, the court is expected to decide under what conditions, if at all, such displays are permitted under the US Constitution.
"When we went out we saw the shops and the internal wall of the hotel had collapsed." We then saw a second explosion not far from the first blast; it was a ball of fire higher on the mountain. Israel returned the Sinai to Egypt in 1982 but claimed that Taba was inside Israel according to the international border. Israeli officials said they believed the blasts were caused by terrorist bombs.
Quickly after the blasts, Shalom asked for Egyptian permission to allow Israelis to pass through the border without checks and to fly rescue workers into the Sinai. Five people were killed in the twin blasts, and Egyptian television said 43 people were wounded. Many Israelis have visited Egypt over the past month, during the period of Jewish holidays. He said Israel wants to send between 20 and 30 buses to the Sinai to bring home some 15,000 Israelis still staying there.
Israel will help evacuate any of the 12,000 to 15,000 Israelis who wish to leave Egypt's Sinai Peninsula in the wake of several deadly explosions, an Israeli foreign ministry spokeswoman said Friday. "There is a plan to send buses to help them evacuate, those who want to," said the ministry's Rachel Shani. Hospital officials said at least 29 people were killed, and witnesses gave unconfirmed reports that all three explosions were caused by car bombs.
Israeli intelligence services have been warning Israeli holidaymakers to keep out of the Sinai desert, where Taba is located. A blast ripped through the Hilton hotel in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Taba on Thursday evening, with medical sources saying at least 100 people had been killed or wounded. The blast, the reasons for which were not immediately clear, killed or wounded at least 100 people of different nationalities, an Egyptian hospital source said. At least 23 Israelis were killed in the blast, Egyptian police said.
At least 35 people were killed and 125 injured in three explosions targeting tourists in Egypt's Sinai desert region late Thursday, an Egyptian police source said. He was unable to give their nationalities, but another police source told AFP earlier that at least 23 Israelis were among those killed and the Foreign Office in London said two of the wounded were Britons. Egyptian police said two other explosions rocked nearby tourist camps further south in the Sinai peninsula.
Israeli public television, citing a police source, said a car bomb detonated close to the entrance of the Hilton Hotel in the resort of Taba just across the border from Israel, destroying a large part of the building. An Egyptian police source said the three explosions killed at least 35 people and left another 125 wounded. Earlier reports said at least 23 Israelis were killed in the Hilton blast.
Two explosions in tourist camps in Egypt's Sinai desert which followed a massive blast at a hotel in the resort of Taba late Thursday were probably caused by car bombs, the region's governor said. Earlier, Israeli public television, citing a police source, said the explosion at the Hilton hotel in Taba was caused by a car bomb. At least 30 people have been killed and 100 wounded in the three explosions along the Red Sea coast, an area popular with Israeli holidaymakers.
Resorts dotted along the Sinai's desert coast have remained popular holiday spots for Israelis since the territory was handed back to Egypt as part of a 1979 peace deal, the first between Israel and an Arab country. A suspected car bomb ripped through a hotel on the Red Sea coast of Egypt's Sinai desert late Thursday, one of three explosions targeting Israelis that left at least 30 people dead and scores more wounded.
The explosions came amid a massive Israeli army offensive in the north of the Gaza Strip, a wedge of land near the border with Egypt, that has left 93 Palestinians dead in less than 10 days. Suspected car bombs ripped through a hotel and two beachside tourist sites on the Red Sea coast of Egypt's Sinai desert late Thursday, killing at least 30 people, most of them Israelis.
Egyptian Tourism Minister Ahmed al-Maghrabi put the toll at more than 30 dead and 100 wounded from the three explosions in Taba and two other resorts on the south Sinai coast. "Jamaa Al-Islamiya Al-Alamiya (World Islamist Group) claims responsibility for the explosion at the Taba hotel, carried out in revenge for the Palestinian and Arab martyrs dying in Palestine and Iraq," the caller said.
Meanwhile, Iraqi exiles registered at three centres, in Sydney, Melbourne and the remote community of Shepparton in Victoria state on Friday and started casting their ballots. The latest attacks Thursday came as Iraqi exiles voting in Australia and New Zealand became the first to vote in their country's historic national elections early Friday. Militants have promised an all-out onslaught against the election, but US President George W. Bush has urged Iraqis to brave death threats and seize what he termed an "historic opportunity" to vote in Iraq on Sunday.
In Baquba, 60 km northeast of the capital Baghdad, a suicide car bomb hit the headquarters of a provincial government, killing five people. "I think you will see on Election Day that most of the security is being provided by the Iraqis and the Iraqi forces," said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher. Insurgents killed at least 19 Iraqis and bombed polling stations on Thursday in a fierce campaign to wreck Sunday's general elections. With the election only three days away, violence has been escalating.
Campaigning by candidates for Sunday's election officially ended on Friday, as Iraqi expatraites in 14 countries--from the Middle East to Australia to the United States--began voting in a three-day process. At least 60 people have been killed in a spate of attacks across the country over the past two days alone, in additon to the killing of 31 US military personnel in a helicopter crash in western Iraq on Wednesday.
"At around 9:00 am (0600 GMT), a black GMC approached the checkpoint at the entrance of the power plant. There was only a driver inside the car, his face was masked," a policeman who witnessed the attack told AFP. "He was stopped at the checkpoint and a few seconds later, the explosion went off. We lost three comrades and one civilian was also killed in the blast," said the policeman.
"He was stopped at the checkpoint and a few seconds later, the explosion went off. We lost three comrades and one civilian was also killed in the blast," said the policeman. He was speaking from Baghdad's Yarmuk hospital, where medical sources at the emergency department confirmed the death toll and added that three other policemen and a civilian were also wounded in the attack.
Hours before Iraqis headed to the polls for a momentous vote, a rocket struck the U.S. Embassy compound Saturday inside the heavily fortified Green Zone, killing two people and shattering the relative calm of election eve in the capital. His remarks were aired shortly before the embassy was struck. Security measures included restrictions on driving, a shutdown of Baghdad's international airport and the closure of the country's borders.
A suicide car bomber killed five people Saturday in an attack on a political party's offices in the Iraqi town of Khanaqin near the border with Iran, police said. The US military said at least one insurgent was also killed. Insurgents have stepped up attacks on political parties, security forces and civilians in the run-up to Sunday's election, the first since the fall of former president Saddam Hussein almost two years ago.
The commander, speaking on condition of anonymity, said 400 Iraqi civilians, officials and security officers had been killed as part of a campaign of intimidation ahead of Sunday's election, the officer said. Iraq is on high alert for violence on the day of the election, the first free vote in decades. Four hundred Iraqis have been killed so far this month and dozens of voting stations attacked across Iraq on Friday, a senior US military officer said Saturday.
Insurgents have stepped up attacks on political parties, security forces and civilians in the run-up to Sunday's election, the first since the fall of former president Saddam Hussein almost two years ago. Gunmen opened fire on a polling station in the Jamia district of western Baghdad wounding one woman, police said. A suicide bomber wearing an explosives belt walked up to an Iraqi polling station on Saturday and set off a blast that killed a child and seven adults, including three soldiers, said police and the US military.
"This is only (a small) part of what our virtuous sheikh Abu Musab al-Zarqawi promised," the statement said. Iraqi police and the US military said that a suicide bomber wearing an explosives belt walked up to an Iraqi polling station in Khanaqin, a town near the border with Iran, and set off a blast that killed eight people, including a child and three soldiers.
The Christian Science Monitor on Monday named a US journalist kidnapped in Iraq as freelancer Jill Carroll, who was on assignment for the US-based paper when she was seized. Carroll was abducted in western Baghdad on Saturday, by kidnappers who killed her Iraqi interpreter, the paper said in a statement, calling for her release.
"The interpreters death confirms that the Iraqi press continues to be the chief victim of the infernal climate for the media in this country." Carroll had reported from the Middle East for Jordanian, Italian and other news organizations for the last three years, the paper said. The body of her interpreter, Allan Enwiyah, 32, was later found in the same neighborhood.
Health-SKorea-stemcell-technology SEOUL: South Korea's discredicted cloning pioneer Hwang Woo-Suk made no breakthrough in cloning technology, said a panel of experts, rejecting claims that Hwang had revolutionized stem cell research. Top world news stories for Tuesday at 0500 GMT: Mideast-Israel-politics-Sharon JERUSALEM: Doctors treating Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon were monitoring his body's responses as they continued to ease him out of a coma buoyed by initial signs he had retained at least some brain function after last week's massive stroke.
"We have been reaching out to the rejectionists." The research made public Monday by Joseph Stiglitz of Columbia University, a 2001 Nobel Prize laureate and former chief economist at the World Bank, and economy professor Linda Bilmes of Harvard University, argued that current official assessments of the war cost fail to consider key expenses likely to dog the US budget for years to come.
"There can be no stability as long as Iraq is occupied," he added. Sunni Arab Muslims protested Tuesday a raid by US forces on a Baghdad mosque reportedly linked to the kidnapping of a US reporter. About 700 people rallied in the gardens of the Umm al-Qura mosque in the west of the capital to denounce the raid carried out Saturday night by US and Iraqi forces. Her interpreter, Allan Enwiyah, 32, was shot dead and his body abandoned nearby by the kidnappers, while her driver got away.
Angry Sunni Arabs protested Tuesday at a raid on a Baghdad mosque by US and Iraqi soldiers looking for a kidnapped US woman reporter, the latest victim in a series of abductions of Westerners in Iraq. The demonstration came as Iraqis celebrated the Muslim Eid Al-Adha holiday a day after a twin suicide bombing at the interior ministry, claimed by Al-Qaeda, that left at least 28 policemen dead.
The family of an electrical contractor believed killed by a militant group in Iraq is convinced he is dead, and is preparing a memorial service. The video also showed Schulz's identity card. While U.S. officials have not confirmed Shulz's death, his sister, Julie Schulz, said Tuesday night that the family identified him from two videos reportedly posted by the group.
An Arab television network ran a video showing kidnapped journalist Jill Carroll Tuesday with an accompanying message from her unnamed captors that she would be killed unless the United States freed all female prisoners in Iraq within 72 hours. The group holding Carroll captive was not identified in the tape that was broadcast over Al-Jazeera. Although the 28-year-old Christian Science Monitor reporter appeared to be talking on the tape, her words were not audible.
The station broadcast a brief videotape of the journalist Jill Carroll, 28, a freelance reporter working for the Christian Science Monitor who was seized by gunmen in Baghdad on January 7. Carroll, wearing a grey sweatshirt with her long brown hair loose, was shown alone in the video and speaking but there was no sound. It was the first time she has been since since her disappearance.
The family of Jill Carroll, a US woman journalist abducted in Iraq, issued an emotional appeal Monday for her release after her captors threatened her with execution. Her interpreter was shot dead during the abduction, while her driver got away. "Jill is an innocent journalist and we respectfully ask that you please show her mercy and allow her to return home to her mother, sister and family," Carroll's family said in a statement.
The cardinals also must seek a global pastor with enough charisma to flourish in an image-driven age. On a cold, rainy Sunday afternoon, the red-robed princes of the church made their way into the Vatican compound where they will stay until they elect a new pope. On Saturday, Vatican officials allowed a pool of reporters to enter the Sistine Chapel, now set up for the election. Black smoke from burning ballots with wet straw will appear once each morning and afternoon if no one is selected.
Tourists and journalists Sunday trained their eyes and their cameras on the T-shaped chimney above the Sistine Chapel, where, sooner or later, white smoke will signal the election of a pope. Representing 52 countries, the most diverse group in history, the cardinals say they believe the choice will be informed by the Holy Spirit. "They have to make the choice based on the needs of the church and the needs of the wider society." We just have to pray to understand who he is."
If they decide to hold off a day, they will hold four rounds of voting _ two in the morning, two in the afternoon _ on Tuesday and every day until a candidate gets two-thirds support: 77 votes. In a historic gathering steeped in intrigue, cardinals from six continents on Monday open their first conclave of the new millennium to elect a pope who will inherit John Paul II's mantle and guide the world's 1.1 billion Roman Catholics into a new era.
The rules called for them to leave after the address. The entire pageant was televised live, a first in conclave history and in keeping with the tradition of John Paul II, who used television throughout his papacy to promote the faith. Alberto Monticone, a professor of modern history at Lumsa Catholic University in Rome, called the comments "a very clear indication of what in his view the attitude of the next pope should be--an attitude of struggle against these evils of the world."
The cardinals in red robes and white miters formed a crescent in front of the altar, which rests atop the tomb of St. Peter and under a huge bronze canopy, or baldachin. Two-thirds, or 77 votes, are needed for election in the early rounds of voting. Richard John Neuhaus, editor of the journal First Things, said of the German cardinal's homily.
Cardinals from around the globe began their secret conclave to elect a new pope Monday and later cast their first ballots, failing to reach agreement on a successor to Pope John Paul II. Shortly after 8 p.m. local time (2 p.m. EDT), black smoke emerged from a metal chimney atop the tile roof of the Sistine Chapel--the traditional signal that the cardinals have voted but that no new pope has been elected.
John Wauck, a professor at the Pontifical University of the Holy Cross, an Opus Dei institution in Rome. But critics have called the group elitist, and it is depicted as a villainous secret society in Dan Brown's best-selling novel, "The Da Vinci Code." Its prelate, Bishop Javier Echevarria, has called for prayer, not politicking. "We already love with our whole soul the successor of John Paul II, whoever he may be," Echevarria wrote to the organization's members.
Cardinals from six continents made their solemn procession to the Sistine Chapel on Monday to convene the new millennium's first conclave _ a secret and sacred gathering to elect a pope who will guide the world's 1.1 billion Roman Catholics into a new era. Clad in crimson vestments and caps, the 115 voting "princes" of a church stung by priest sex-abuse scandals and an exodus of the faithful walked slowly from the Apostolic Palace to sequester themselves inside the chapel decorated with frescoes by Michelangelo.
Text of the oath taken by the 115 cardinals voting in the conclave to elect a new pope. "We, the cardinal electors present in this election of the Supreme Pontiff promise, pledge and swear, as individuals and as a group, to observe faithfully and scrupulously the prescriptions contained in the Apostolic Constitution of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II, Universi Dominici Gregis, published on 22 February 1996.
"It's white!" But within seconds, jubilation gave way to resignation when the chimney began belching decidedly black smoke. Thousands of pilgrims began their stakeout in St. Peter's Square early Monday, and as the sun sank in the sky the square began to fill. Nuns sat in circles, praying and thumbing through rosaries. "This is history," said Hernan Aracena, 19, wrapped in a Venezuelan flag.
Asked about the reversal, a company spokeswoman replied succinctly, "People want it, so we are trying to provide it. Movies like "Boogie Nights" and the recent documentary "Inside Deep Throat" have portrayed the adult industry as an enclave for good-hearted, rough-edged misfits and cultural freedom fighters. while left-leaning civil libertarians brandish the First Amendment. But there's a voice that's been conspicuously absent in the current debate: anti-pornography feminists.
Senator Joseph Biden of Delaware also predicts "she is likely to be the nominee." No other Democrats need apply? But a smoke-filled room of political power brokers handpicking a female presidential nominee is no more appealing than one that selects one of the boys. With help from Dean and voters in Iowa and New Hampshire, they succeeded. Early polls put her ahead of Kerry and other Democratic presidential hopefuls.
And that feeling is one of the threads that run through "Madness," which has ridden a surge of media attention (a Newsweek cover story, two big pops on the "Today" show with Katie Couric) to debut at No. "A generation of control freaks" she calls them in the book.
Her complaint is that it's unfocused and ineffective. They also are bred to rely on their own initiative, and to privatize their problems. Lynette, the stay-at-home mother of four hellacious children, has a meltdown and runs away. It hit a nerve, making fun of the myth of the perfect mother and the myth of domestic bliss--that you become a housewife and it's just heaven." Joan Williams, author of "Unbending Gender: Why Family and Work Conflict and What to Do About It,"
But my efforts at ideological toleration inevitably get spoiled when something comes along like Human Events magazine's list of the "Ten Most Harmful Books of the 19th and 20th Centuries." Human Events is a conservative weekly that Ronald Reagan was known to favor, and which the Wall Street Journal called a "bible of the right." One amusing thing about the list is its seeming inability to distinguish between seminal works of social science and totalitarian manifestos.
And, as she puts it: "Have a baby. Just don't have two." Throughout its lifetime, feminism has spawned its share of catchphrases and epithets. Simone de Beauvoir gave us "the second sex." Arlie Hochschild labeled the daily housework that followed office work "the second shift," while Rush Limbaugh contributed "feminazis" to the discourse.
"She found that love between unequals can never succeed," Gloria Steinem once said, "and she has undertaken the immense job of bringing up the status of women so love can succeed." Betty Friedan, the visionary, combative feminist who launched a social revolution with her provocative 1963 book, "The Feminine Mystique," died Saturday, which was her 85th birthday.
Her insights into what she described as the soul-draining frustrations felt by educated, stay-at-home women in the 1950s, "the problem that has no name," startled a society that expected women to be happy with marriage and children. She led the 500,000-person Women's Strike for Equality in New York in 1970, on the 50th anniversary of women winning the right to vote. Her 2000 memoir, "Life So Far," said that her husband, Carl, beat her during their marriage.
I wash the dishes, rush the older children off to school, dash out in the yard to cultivate the chrysanthemums, run back in to make a phone call about a committee meeting, help the youngest child build a blockhouse, spend fifteen minutes skimming the newspapers so I can be well-informed, then scamper down to the washing machines where my thrice-weekly laundry includes enough clothes to keep a primitive village going for an entire year.
Betty Friedan, a founder of the modern feminist movement in the United States, died here Saturday of congestive heart failure, feminist leaders announced. She was 85. Friedan achieved prominence in l963 with the publication of her book "The Feminine Mystique," which detailed the lives of American women who were expected to find fulfillment through the achievements of their husbands and children. The book sparked a movement for a re-evaluation of women's role in American society and is credited with laying the foundation of modern feminism.
Instead, in a sort of constitutional compromise, Parker Bowles, 57, will receive the title her royal highness the duchess of Cornwall. It will take place on Friday 8th April, 2005, at Windsor Castle." Among the lovers' words was a wish by the prince that he become a tampon in order to remain close to Camilla. From the beginning, it was clear Parker Bowles shared Charles' sporting life more than Diana.
Instead, Parker Bowles will be known as Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cornwall. In 1936, Edward VIII renounced the throne rather than give up Wallis Simpson, an American divorcee. Saying that she and her husband, Charles' father, were "very happy," she ordered that the Round Tower at Windsor Castle be lit in celebration.
Clarence House didn't immediately announce further details, but Sky News TV reported that the heir to the throne would marry on April 6. She was divorced from Charles when she died. The marriage is a sensitive issue because Parker Bowles is divorced and her former husband is still alive. Thirty-two percent of respondents to the Populus poll said they would support Charles if he remarried, while 29 percent were opposed. Prince Charles is to marry his partner Camilla Parker Bowles, the prince's office said Thursday.
Prince Charles and his longtime lover Camilla Parker Bowles _ both divorcees _ will be married in a civil ceremony, not in a Church of England service. "The wedding will be a largely private occasion for family and friends. There will be a civil ceremony in Windsor Castle," said Clarence House, Charles' residence and office.
Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday congratulated Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles after the heir to the throne announced he will marry his long-time partner. "It's very happy news and when the Cabinet heard it this morning they sent their congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the whole government," the prime minister added. "We all wish them every happiness for their future together."
"I am pleased that Prince Charles and Mrs. Camilla Parker Bowles have decided to take this important step," said the archbishop, who is the spiritual leader of the Anglican communion. "These arrangements have my strong support and are consistent with Church of England guidelines concerning remarriage which the Prince of Wales fully accepts as a committed Anglican and as prospective Supreme Governor of the Church of England," Williams said.
After his office surprised Britain by announcing that the couple will be married at Windsor Castle on April 8, the prince was congratulated during a regularly scheduled visit to London's financial district. "I am very excited." Prince Charles said Thursday he is "very excited" about his engagement to his longtime lover Camilla Parker Bowles. "Thank you very much, you're so kind."
Prince Charles' sons William and Harry are "delighted" at news he will marry Camilla Parker Bowles, a spokesman for the heir to the throne's office said Thursday. Prince William and Prince Harry, Charles' sons with the late Princess Diana, are said to want the couple to be happy, the spokesman for Clarence House said. Charles and his future wife will attend a dinner at Windsor Castle later Thursday, a spokeswoman for Clarence House added.
Within minutes of Charles' announcement that the couple will marry at Windsor Castle on April 8, it was hard to find anyone on the streets of central London who hadn't heard the news. "I'm fine with him marrying her. Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, and other well-known British public figures, said it's time for the public to forget about royal tragedies of the past and welcome Camilla into the fold. "They are clearly very much in love.
She may not become queen, but Camilla Parker Bowles will be bona fide royalty because of three key letters: HRH. When she weds Charles, Parker Bowles will acquire a slew of titles _ the main one being HRH Duchess of Cornwall. In Scotland, she will be the Duchess of Rothesay. However, she will not be known as the Princess of Wales, a title which for many people worldwide still conjures up memories of the prince's popular first wife, the late Diana.
The British government said more than 100,000 leaflets had been distributed in Baghdad containing a personal plea from Bigley's family and an appeal to his captors to release him. Bigley, an engineer, was kidnapped two weeks ago in Baghdad along with two American colleagues who have since been beheaded. The British government has repeatedly stressed that it does not hold any.
"Ed, how are the Kerry people feeling?" (STORY CAN END HERE. "OK," Stewart said. "Remember," he said gravely. Fake news is certainly the comic trope of the moment. The humorist Andy Borowitz files daily stories in perfect news-service deadpan on his Web site, www.BorowitzReport.com. Mo Rocca, formerly of "The Daily Show," played the role of wisecracking on-air correspondent for "Larry King Live" during the political conventions.
Surrounded by a throng of reporters at Heathrow Airport on Thursday, Islam said it was ludicrous that he's on Washington's no-fly list, suspected of ties to terrorists, and said he would challenge the decision to block him from entering the country. The whole thing is totally ridiculous," said Islam, who had a string of hits in the 1960s and '70s, but abandoned his music career after converting to Islam. Everybody knows my campaigning for charity, for peace.
Cat Stevens, who abandoned his music career when he converted to Islam and changed his name to Yusuf Islam 30 years ago, is making a surprise comeback with a single that could top the charts at Christmas. Yusuf Islam, 56, who sold 50 million records in the 1960s and 1970s, has recorded a version of his 1970 hit "Father and Son" with Ronan Keating, the Irish former boy-band star, The Times newspaper reported Thursday.
"It's not only a label we didn't want, it's untrue," Joe Loeffler, bassist and vocalist, said by phone recently. "With us, really, there's no label you can apply; it's so difficult to." The latest offering, "This Type of Thinking (Could Do Us In)" came out in late September and peaked--so far--at No. "It's not like we're a freakin' hardcore band, with the repetitive screaming.
He says he was a victim of an "unjust and arbitrary system," and that he has denounced terrorism. Benigni is the director of the Oscar-winning "Life is Beautiful." The singer once known as Cat Stevens, now a peace activist whose name was on a U.S. list of people suspected of having terrorist links, will receive a peace prize from a foundation headed by former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, organizers said Monday. Islam will receive the award from Rome Mayor Walter Veltroni and Gorbachev, the spokesman said.
Under the system, called "Secure Flight," the Transportation Security Administration will compare passenger data with names on two government watch lists: a "no-fly" list comprises known or suspected terrorists, and a "watch" list names people who should face tighter scrutiny before boarding planes. Barry Steinhardt, an American Civil Liberties Union lawyer, said a major problem is the lists include the names of many people who are not security risks.
US Customs officials took the passenger into custody, as well as a person who was traveling with the passenger on the no-fly list, Clark said. The flight landed in Maine at 5:30 pm (2000 GMT) and headed back to Washington's Dulles International Airport two hours later, Clark added. US authorities diverted a Washington-bound Air France flight after discovering that a passenger was part of a "no-fly" list of people deemed a security risk, a US security official said Sunday.
Hutchinson recalled that US authorities were preparing to test a new system dubbed "Secure Flight" that will allow them to compare the list of passengers with the no-fly list. A similar incident involving British singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, occurred in September, when his Washington-bound flight from London was diverted to Bangor.
Mandela has lent his prison number 46664 to AIDS campaigns, for the first time last November at the rock concert in Cape Town. Nelson Mandela, South Africa's former president and apartheid hero, donned his former prison identification number 46664 on Thursday for a fundraising event aimed at fighting the AIDS/HIV epidemic. The 86-year-old Mandela, wearing 46664 on a black shirt, oversaw the launch of the book "46664: The Concert", a book of photographs taken at an AIDS benefit concert last year.
A judge Thursday agreed to postpone the trial date for a lawsuit brought by Michael Jackson and his former lawyer over the alleged secret recording of them on a charter jet as the singer flew to be booked on child molestation charges. Jackson and attorney Mark Geragos sued XtraJet Inc. in November, alleging they were videotaped without their knowledge on a flight to Santa Barbara so Jackson could surrender on the charges. Superior Court Judge Soussan G. Bruguera moved the trial date from November to May 23 over the protests of XtraJet.
"I would like to thank attorney Steve Cochran for all of the hard work he has done on my behalf," Jackson said in a statement released by his spokeswoman. "He continues to be my friend and close adviser." He called Cochran a friend, "brilliant lawyer, and a great credit to our profession." A reason for the departure was not released. An attorney who has represented Michael Jackson for more than a decade has left the pop star's defense team, Jackson said.
Trial is set for Jan. 31. Jackson's attorneys were particularly concerned about what they decried as Sneddon's "smug" and "jocular" manner during a news conference in which he announced Jackson's arrest. Lockyer wrote that even if Sneddon had personal animosity toward Jackson, that would not be enough to show a conflict of interest or warrant his removal. State Attorney General Bill Lockyer called the request "baseless" and said it was premised on "conjecture and unfounded speculation."
The bombshell was dropped during a pre-trial hearing in Jackson's child molestation case when prosecutors revealed they had recently discovered documents linking Miko Brando with the alleged crime. "There is nothing unusual with someone like Michael Jackson, with such a large operation like Neverland, to have 20,000 dollars in cash delivered to them for the purpose of running their daily affairs," Sanger said. Jackson has denied 10 counts that include allegations that he molested a 12-year-old boy at Neverland Ranch in February and March of last year.
About 20 Jackson fans stood before MTV's studios in Times Square as Jackson blasted Eminem and his video. "And I also want to make it clear that it's not just about Michael Jackson but about a pattern of disrespect that he has shown to our community," Jackson said of the white rapper.
A former business associate of US pop singer Michael Jackson has filed a lawsuit against the entertainer for breaching contract, local media reported Wednesday. The lawsuit was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court by Marc Schaffel, who is seeking 3 million US dollars for unpaid loans, cash advances and producing fees. Schaffel claims that he helped Jackson make a pair of Fox television specials to rebut a controversial TV documentary that took a critical look at the singer's eccentric lifestyle.
Kamad Enterprise, which owns Mayfair Gallery, claimed Jackson owes US $178,875 (euro137,340) of the US $378,875 (euro290,905) in merchandise he allegedly purchased in May, according to a complaint filed Thursday in Los Angeles Superior Court. An attorney for Jackson, Brian Oxman, said he had not reviewed the complaint. "Like other proceedings involving Michael Jackson, we'll look at it carefully and deal with it in a professional manner," Oxman said.
A 26-year-old Canadian man has pleaded guilty to emailing a death threat to pop superstar Michael Jackson, police said Tuesday. Adrian Poffley received a conditional discharge and 12 months probation after appearing in court Monday in Kitchener, Ontario, west of Toronto, said Waterloo police Staff Sergeant Bryan Larkin. Police arrested Poffley in August, and charged him with uttering death threats after a joint investigation with police in Santa Barbara County, California.
Police and investigators probing child molestation charges against superstar Michael Jackson on Friday launched a fresh search on his famed Neverland Ranch, detectives said. Jackson turned himself in two days after the initial November 18, 2003 swoop on his rural estate and was later charged with having molested a 12-year-old boy at Neverland in February and March of last year. Jackson's legal team has accused prosecutor Tom Sneddon of waging a vendetta against the pop icon, despite a lack of evidence in the case.
"The DNA swab was done on Saturday in Michael's house at the ranch," the source said. Jackson's legal team has accused prosecutor Tom Sneddon of waging a vendetta against the pop icon, despite a lack of evidence in the case. His lawyers have complained that investigations and searches are still being carried out more than a year after Jackson was arrested and charged, delaying progress in the case.
In the shaky, uncertain weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks, Congress passed an anti-terrorism bill that gave the government broad powers to peer into the lives of Americans. It's time--past time--to rein in the excesses of the USA Patriot Act. Judge Marrero drew a far different conclusion, saying the provision and the latitude it gives the government to conduct unchecked searches have "no place in an open society."
The inspector general's conclusions were in a letter to Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, senior Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. The agency's inspector general, Glenn A. "In addition, given the DOJ's responsibility to enforce criminal laws, we do not believe they could be considered `purely partisan,"' Fine wrote. Attorney General John Ashcroft did not violate anti-lobbying laws when he gave a series of speeches last year promoting the anti-terror Patriot Act, Justice Department internal investigators have concluded.
A senior Bush administration official defended the Patriot Act on Tuesday as a "smart, ordinary and constitutional" tool in fighting terrorism and rejected attacks on it as rash and misinformed. Comey's speech came on the same day that Attorney General John Ashcroft, in an op-ed piece in The Wall Street Journal, called the Patriot Act "an indispensable tool" in fighting terrorism and said it "is often portrayed in an outright false light." Critics challenged the Justice Department's aggressive defense of the law.
Bush's second term include persuading Congress to renew key parts of the anti-terrorism Patriot Act and continuing reform of FBI intelligence gathering. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT: Top issues for the U.S. Justice Department in President George W. 11, 2001, attacks without thorough review in Congress. OTHER ISSUES: A legal question to be resolved: Can suspected terrorists be tried in civilian federal courts without jeopardizing national security or military missions?
"We must not allow the passage of time or the illusion of safety to weaken our resolve in this new war," Bush said in a speech at the Justice Department. "To protect the American people, Congress must promptly renew all provisions of the Patriot Act this year." The president's remarks came at the formal swearing-in of his friend and longtime adviser, Alberto R. Gonzales, as the nation's 80th attorney general.
President George W. Bush on Monday urged Congress to reauthorize the USA Patriot Act, the Justice Department's widely criticized anti-terrorism law. Bush lauded Ashcroft's tireless efforts to make America safer as he oversaw a drop in violent crime besides his counterterrorism work. Gonzales, who served as White House counsel during the last four years, said he would be a part of Bush's team but his first allegiance will be to the Constitution.
"Probably 70 percent of hands went up," Townsend said. Fran Townsend said White House support for extending the entire USA Patriot Act, which expires at the end of the year, is "unequivocal." That law, which was passed in the wake of the Sept. 11 terror attacks, gives the government broad surveillance and law enforcement powers in terror cases.
At a news conference Tuesday, ACLU Washington director Laura Murphy underscored the importance of raising the profile in the debate of such prominent conservatives as Grover Norquist of Taxpayers United, David Keene of the American Conservative Union and Paul Weyrich of the Free Congress Foundation. "Given the number of folks in this room wearing elephant lapel pins, I don't think the administration can easily discount our message," said Murphy, referring to the symbol of the Republican Party.
Instead of seeking wholesale changes, the coalition is focusing on three of the law's most-controversial provisions. It was a Washington rarity to see the American Civil Liberties Union line up with conservative lions like David Keefe of the American Conservative Union and former Rep. Bob Barr, R-Ga. But they were among those at a Washington press conference held to assail such Patriot Act provisions as those allowing law enforcement agents to look at library users' records or to conduct unannounced "sneak-and-peek" searches on homes or private offices.
President Bush and Attorney General Alberto Gonzales have called for renewal of the Patriot Act, the government's post-Sept. 11, 2001, law that expanded its surveillance and prosecutorial powers against suspected terrorists, their associates and financiers.
And even some policymakers who favor a temporary worker program are beginning to think this might require some sort of employee ID. Employers would get the workers they need with much less trouble--the current paper-based system is notoriously cumbersome--and more peace of mind. Authorized immigrants would welcome a card they could rely on, and they would face less discrimination than they are currently exposed to. We all say this is unacceptable; we say we want change.
Terrorists have even used America's humanitarian tradition of welcoming those seeking asylum. We must plug these gaps." "Just because some senators have chosen not to address it and to ignore it doesn't mean that we don't need to have these provisions and bolster our border security now." Moreover, political observers say the Bush administration is unwilling to antagonize Sensenbrenner because, as Judiciary Committee chairman, he will hold sway over President Bush's proposal to reform the immigration system by establishing a system of guest worker visas.
The Senate should block this ill-conceived proposal and take a more measured look at immigration reform. House Republican James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin says his bill, the Real ID Act, will keep terrorists from crossing US borders. In a January column he writes: "The goal of the Real ID Act is straightforward: it seeks to prevent another 9/11-type attack by disrupting terrorist travel." But the rhetoric promises more protection than the bill delivers. A key feature of the bill is the denial of driver's licenses to illegal immigrants.
The Real ID Act, which restricts illegal immigrants from getting driver's licenses and tightens asylum laws, is expected to be approved or rejected by House and Senate negotiators Thursday. Proponents of the measure--including a group of immigration control activists in town for a week of lobbying--said they were cautiously optimistic, especially after the White House endorsed it in a letter to House and Senate conferees earlier this week.
A bill that would enact hotly contested immigration rules, including one that would bar illegal immigrants from getting driver's licenses, is marching toward approval with the backing of the White House. The House version contains the immigration provisions but the Senate's version does not. Lawmakers from both parties, as well as civil liberties groups and immigration advocates, decry the addition of the provisions to the must-pass supplemental bill.
"Ohio is in very good shape in implementing what the law requires," he said. The bill would require people applying for or renewing driver's licenses to confirm their legal status in the United States. Calvo said that language currently in the bill would require states to verify the authenticity of each identification document--including birth certificates and utility bills, with the original sources.
Motor vehicle department employees then would have to verify the documents with federal databases, a potentially lengthy process that could mean an end to same-day license renewals. Each year, about 70 million people in the United States apply for new driver's licenses or renewals. In most of the states now, the new drivers are typically required to produce proof of age and one or two other forms of ID, usually including a photo.
Congress long has ignored notices that the United States needs a standardized method to be able to identify and track people who commit crimes in one state and easily take up residence and new identities in another state. (BEGIN ITAL) Recommendation: Secure identification should begin in the United States. Such a system could help curb identity theft. The federal government should set standards for the issuance of birth certificates and sources of identification, such as drivers licenses. (END ITAL)
Alexander, a Tennessee Republican, joined Democrats and state officials in railing against the White House-backed driver's license rules and other immigration measures before the Senate approved the $82 billion (euro63.79 billion) spending bill 100-0. The rules are aimed at stopping illegal immigrants from getting driver's licenses to prevent them from boarding planes or entering protected federal buildings. Arkansas Gov.
"It doesn't make us one iota safer. Not a single immigrant is going to be returned to his or her home country if they're denied a driver's license." The REAL ID Act would require states to verify that people who apply for a driver's license are in the country legally. The provision was folded into an emergency military spending bill that earmarks $82 billion (euro63.65 billion) for the war in Iraq.
The European Medicines Agency is to review all drugs in the same class as Vioxx after US pharmaceutical giant Merck withdrew the arthritis drug, a spokesman for the agency said Friday. "We are going to see whether there is a class effect," a spokesman for the London-based agency said. The US Food and Drug Administration also has said it would study the effects of other drugs in the same class as the withdrawn drug.
Mayer, a lawyer at Hughes Hubbard Reed, a firm retained by Merck, said the company "continues to believe it has strong and meritorious defenses to the lawsuits brought against it." The lawsuit says that Strong's client suffered ministrokes and a number of heart problems from taking Vioxx. The most serious health risks associated with Vioxx seem to appear after consumers have been taking the drug for 18 months or longer. Since then, shares of Merck have rebounded modestly.
Patients on Vioxx for arthritis or other conditions should be getting letters from their doctors, although they can call them now. That is one reason doctors and patients welcomed the new NSAIDs known as Cox-2 inhibitors--Vioxx, Celebrex and Bextra--as they started entering the market in the 1990s. Concern about possible cardiovascular problems associated with Vioxx, however, soon arose. On Wednesday, the European Medicines Agency in London announced it would review all drugs of this type.
Anti-inflammatory drugs like Vioxx, which is being pulled off the market after it was linked to cardiac problems, could pose similar riskald of the University of Pennsylvania, who led one of the studies funded by the two pharmaceutical firms. "I believe this is a class effect" that includes similar types of medication, such as Celebrex or Bextra, FitzGerald said. Bextra, which hit the market in 2001, is Pfizer's newest pain medication.
The pharmaceutical firm Merck faces a new class-action lawsuit in Canada, filed on behalf of two people who suffered heart attacks after taking the company's pain medication Vioxx, which was taken off the market worldwide because of such risks, plaintiffs' lawyers said Friday. Similar suits were filed last week in Quebec, British Columbia, Ontario and Saskatchewan, according to the Toronto law Firm Rochon Genova. Last week, a consumer group in Quebec filed suit against Merck, charging that it kept Vioxx on the market despite the risks.
That's despite the fact that the company did not announce until the final day of the third quarter that it was withdrawing Vioxx, a popular treatment for arthritis and acute pain, because a study found it increased risk of heart attack and stroke. Net income plunged 29 percent for pharmaceutical giant Merck Co. in the third quarter due to costs for withdrawing its arthritis drug Vioxx from the market, and the company on Thursday said hundreds of lawsuits have been filed related to the drug.
Merck said it was unsure if its insurance would provide enough money to cover potential lawsuit losses. Sales fell 3.9 percent from a year earlier to 5.54 billion dollars in the three months to September 30. A rash of lawsuits also now plagues the firm because of the global Vioxx withdrawal on September 30, prompted by a study showing it increased the risk for strokes and heart attacks. Net profit slumped 28.7 to 1.33 billion dollars. Earnings per share slid to 60 cents from 82.
Hundreds of lawsuits have been filed against Merck over Vioxx and one analyst believes it could cost the company up to $12 billion. Despite a March 9, 2000 e-mail from Merck research director Edward Scolnick to colleagues conceding an elevated risk of heart attack and stroke was "clearly there," according to the newspaper, Merck continued to try to discredit academic researchers critical of the drug.
The study concluded that Vioxx, known under the chemical name rofecoxib, "increases the risk of serious coronary heart disease defined as acute myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death," the FDA study concluded. On Tuesday the company described the FDA estimates as speculation: "In general, there is no reliable way to measure the actual use in the population and therefore no reliable way to estimate the actual number of events."
Hundreds of plaintiffs' lawyers who claim that people were injured or killed by the painkiller Vioxx plan to meet next week to lay groundwork for a nationwide legal assault against the drug's maker, Merck. If it wins those trials, it could knock down the settlement value of the vast majority of claims against it and cut billions of dollars from its potential exposure.
Steven P. Jobs is preparing to take an unprecedented gamble by abandoning Apple Computer's 14-year commitment to chips developed by IBM and Motorola in favor of Intel processors for his Macintosh computers, industry executives informed of the decision said Sunday. The move is a chesslike gambit in a broader industry turf war that pits the traditional personal computer industry against an emerging world of consumer electronics focused on the digital home.
A new microprocessor that IBM co-developed with Sony and Toshiba Corp, code-named Cell and planned for Sony's next PlayStation console, is being touted as capable of delivering 10 times the performance of today's PC processors. A stormy, decade-long relationship between Apple Computer Inc. and IBM is over, according to published reports.
Apple Computer is expected to announce Monday that it will begin using Intel chips in its Macintosh machines next year, ending a 14-year alliance with IBM and its processors, according to US media reports. The move is a major change in strategy for Apple, according to The Wall Street Journal's online edition. The New York Times called it "an unprecedented gamble."
Monday's announcement that Apple Computer Inc. will use Intel Corp. chips in its PCs made the Mac faithful think: different. After weeks of rumors and speculation, Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs told software engineers at the company's annual developer conference that Intel microprocessors would power Macintosh computers beginning next year, with Intel inside all Apple computers by 2007. Before Jobs could answer himself, someone in the audience cracked: "Down the road to hell."
Stephen Baker, director of industry analysis at the NPD Group in Port Washington, N.Y., said Apple's inability to put its most powerful chip in a laptop was a major problem, at a time when laptop sales are on the upswing. Apple Computer Inc. Monday dumped IBM Corp. as the supplier of processor chips for its Macintosh computers. Starting next year, future Macs will use Intel Corp. processors, the same kinds of chips found in millions of PCs running software from Apple's archrival Microsoft Corp.
Apple announced on Monday plans to deliver models of its Macintosh computers using Intel microprocessors in 2006 and to convert all of its Macs to use Intel microprocessors by the end of 2007. Apple's computers are now installed with PowerPC microprocessors from IBM, which are different in design from the popular X-86 chips of Intel and AMD.
Jobs warmly embraced Intel President and CEO Paul Otellini onstage before hundreds of attendees at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, in a gesture that symbolized the new partnership between the two iconic Silicon Valley companies. Some Macs with Intel inside are scheduled to be released in June 2006, with most of the lineup to be converted by June 2007. Although there has been much speculation through the years about such a partnership, few realized how long the two firms have been working on this.
Under the alliance with the world's biggest chip maker, all Apple Macs will be equipped to handle Intel rather than IBM processors by the end of 2007. IBM minimised the development. Apple Computer, for years a niche operator, took another step toward the market mainstream Monday by abandoning IBM chips in favour of Intel ones to power its trendy Macintosh machines.
"It's been ten years since our transition to the PowerPC, and we think Intel's technology will help us create the best personal computers for the next ten years." In a risky move that could further shrink its minuscule slice of the PC market, Apple Computer Inc. announced plans Monday to switch its Macintosh computers to the same Intel Corp. chips used in systems that run Microsoft Windows.
While Apple Computer Inc.'s new embrace of Intel Corp. microprocessors leaves IBM in the cold, the news really isn't bad for Big Blue, which may have found the Apple account more trouble than it was worth. "It's never a happy time when you lose a customer, no matter how large they are, but Apple's impact on the PC market is marginal at best these days," said Charles King, principal analyst at Pund-IT Research.
Employees at the Holiday Inn are ready to roll out their red carpet--literally--for the hordes of international and national reporters and television crews. Hundreds of volunteers are lined up to make sure guests are treated right. Earlier last week the students installed the flight tires on the plane. The No. Kansas town basks in glow og GlobalFlyer By LAURA BAUER The Kansas City Star SALINA, Kan.--Anytime Jeff Palmer hears a plane overhead, he peers out the front window of Mr. G's Market.
Steve Fossett is waiting on the wind. With all preparations complete for a solo, non-stop flight around the globe, the only thing standing in the way of the legendary adventurers next attempt to set a world record is an uncooperative jet stream. "It's never been an exact science," said spokeswoman Anna Burdsall. The launch of the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer has been delayed a number of times since it arrived in Salinas, Kansas, on January 7.
- a solo, non-stop, non-refueled flight around the world. Facts and figures about the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer, which is scheduled to take off from Salina, Kansas, on Monday with American Steve Fossett at the controls: The goal: The journey: - estimated travel time: between 70 and 80 hours. - distance traveled: must be more than 36,787.559 kilometers (equal in length to the Tropic of Cancer) or around 23,000 miles
The airplane is decked out in the red-and-white livery of Branson's airline, but the craft is the brainchild of aviation design genius Burt Rutan, whose SpaceShipOne last year became the first privately built craft to reach the edge of space. "If I run out of fuel in the last thousand miles, I will be able to glide to a safe landing at almost any airport in the western United States," he says.
The delicate, light-bodied airplane has been built with very little margin for complications like turbulence and Fossett will need to keep a close eye on the fuel distribution to ensure that the plane remains properly balanced. It's going to be a long night tonight and a long night tomorrow night," he said. The three-day journey will test Fossetts endurance and his abilities as a pilot.
The 23,000-mile (37,000-kilometer) flight had already been postponed several times because of shifting jet stream patterns or weather at the airport. Branson watched the takeoff from the side of the runway with Fossett's wife. By late Monday night, Fossett was soaring over Canada. Besides the nonstop record, Fossett will attempt to break seven other aviation records, including the longest flight by a jet aircraft. Mission control director Kevin Stass said Fossett would fly over Chicago, Detroit and Canada before heading across the Atlantic late Monday night.
The GlobalFlyer was designed by aviation legend Burt Rutan, who recently made headlines when his SpaceShipOne won the 10 million dollar "X Prize" for sending a privately-designed craft into space twice in two weeks. Fossett, who took off from here in the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer on Monday for a flight expected to last between 60 and 80 hours, said he had to deal with a number of "dramas," particularly during takeoff, but the flight was going well overall.
"As an airline, we hope that Virgin Atlantic airplanes will (one day) be made of composite materials and that metal will be thrown away," Branson said at a press conference Monday. American adventurer Steve Fossett likes to joke that his attempt to fly around the world without stopping or refueling has no "practical" purpose.
"I believe it was an antenna problem," Fossett said. At Mission Control, flight controllers were carefully monitoring fuel consumption. "This could have been a showstopper," he said. Moore said cabin pressure was good and the temperature in the cramped cockpit was 65 degrees Fahrenheit (18 degrees Celsius). "His feet are a bit chilly," said Moore.
Fossett, who took off from here in the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer on Monday for a flight expected to last between 60 and 80 hours, said he had to deal with a number of "dramas" during takeoff but the flight was going well overall. Earlier in the day, in a radio hook-up with reporters at Mission Control in Salina, Fossett said he had a "good chance" of completing the record-breaking flight. "I believe it was an antenna problem," Fossett said.
"This will probably be a momentous year for network news," says Michael Castengera, a lecturer at the University of Georgia's Grady College of Journalism and an independent media consultant. NBC's Tom Brokaw signed off in December. Westin called the news "a tough assignment," while Jennings, 66, said it was "quite a surprise."
"Lung cancer in general is aggressive," Swanson added. Peter Jennings, the last of the three major anchors of his era who is still working on a nightly newscast, revealed Tuesday that he has lung cancer and that he will begin chemotherapy next week. E-mail messages released Tuesday by Jennings and ABC News president David Westin stressed that Jennings, who is 66 and who has anchored ABC's "World News Tonight" since 1983, will continue to work during treatment, provided he feels well enough.
ABC News emphasized that Jennings would remain its evening news anchor. He quit at that time, though the colleagues said it was an enormous struggle for him and periodically he was known to sneak a cigarette or two. ABC said Jennings, 66, would work as often as he could during his course of treatment. Jennings was unable to anchor the ABC newscast on Tuesday night, though he had originally planned to. He did tape a brief commentary to close the newscast, speaking in a hoarse and strained voice.
Gibson is in Rome for coverage of the pope's funeral, an assignment that Jennings, a former Rome and London correspondent for ABC News, normally would have taken. And I hope it goes without saying that a journalist who doesn't value _ deeply _ the audience's loyalty should be in another line of work." The 66-year-old anchor was too ill to work Saturday during the network's special report on Pope John Paul II's death.
But whatever the reason, the news does slow you down a bit. They have been losing audience share for two decades but still reach 30 million people with their evening newscasts. ABC anticipated Brokaw's resignation by kicking off a promotional campaign for Jennings with the tag line: "Trust is earned." The National Cancer Institute says that we are survivors from the moment of diagnosis.
ABC News anchor Peter Jennings has been diagnosed with lung cancer, the network announced Tuesday, and will immediately begin a round of outpatient chemotherapy that is expected to keep him from the anchor desk at times in the coming months. The 66-year-old newsman, who smoked when he was younger, had been feeling ill during the last several days and was diagnosed Monday afternoon. "There will be good days and bad, which means that some days I may be cranky and some days really cranky!"
Closing out the night watch, his signature sign-off sounds like a benediction. The declamatory style of the town-crier announcer (familiar as the so-called Voice of God in the Hollywood newsreels) soon gave way to a new reportorial model in which the journalist became a commentator as well, guiding the listener through strange doings and complex geopolitics. When he moved from radio to TV, his visible presence only intensified the emotional link: the movie star looks, the patrician manner, the cigarette smoke swirling around his head like incense.
Jennings still hopes to lead the newscast throughout his chemotherapy. Viewer reaction to his illness underscored the challenge facing the networks as they usher in a new generation of evening news anchors: replicating the strong bonds that have developed between audiences and the iconic faces of ABC, NBC and CBS. But transferring viewer affection to new anchors is not a simple matter, media experts said. "They can't afford to let whoever takes over the time to grow into the role."
Westin faces a far bigger dilemma in the long run. One morning last week, he even participated via conference call in the program's 9 a.m. editorial meeting, his voice hoarse but strong. Jennings has also been encouraged by Westin and Banner to come in and reclaim the anchor chair on any night he feels up to it, with as little as 45 minutes' notice.
Peter Jennings, in a statement read Friday night on ABC's "World News Tonight," shared with viewers his feelings about his battle with lung cancer and expressed gratitude for the support he has received from fans and friends. The woman stepped right in my face and said, `Me too. Lung cancer .' "Thousands of you have spoiled me rotten with your attention in the last couple of weeks," Jennings said in a statement that was read on air by Elizabeth Vargas.
A federal judge has allowed Tyco International Ltd. shareholders to go forward with a class action lawsuit against the company and others. But U.S. District Judge Paul Barbadoro on Thursday struck down a related claim that sought damages on behalf of Tyco stemming from allegations of fraud and corporate looting. Their first trial resulted in a hung jury. They have denied the charges. Barbadoro dismissed the claim seeking damages on behalf of Tyco against most of its current directors and several of its former directors and officers.
In denying the prosecution's consolidation request on Monday, state Supreme Court Justice Michael Obus noted that the larceny trial, set to begin Jan. 18, includes Tyco's former chief financial officer Mark Swartz, 44. "There is no evidence that Swartz entered into any agreement, tacit or express, with either Kozlowski or the art vendors to avoid the payment of the sales tax," Obus wrote in his 11-page ruling.
Jurors were told Kozlowski spent some $11 million (euro8.4 million) of Tyco's money to furnish the apartment with amenities such as a $4,050 tablecloth and a $515 toaster. Prosecutors have told the judge they expected to present a shorter, leaner case against Kozlowski, Tyco's former chairman and chief executive officer, and Mark Swartz, the former finance chief. They expect it to last a little more than four months.
"Greed, I think, is the key word. L. Dennis Kozlowski wants to be clear: The $6,000 shower curtain wasn't his idea. The shower curtain, bought by his decorator on Tyco International's tab for an extravagantly furnished Manhattan apartment, became perhaps the most notable symbol of corporate excess and conspicuous consumption of the 1990s.
Lay, as you surely know by now, was just another big-picture guy in the dark about his company. A jury in Hartford was unable to reach a verdict against former Cendant Corp. chairman Walter Forbes two weeks ago, despite incriminating testimony from three executives. Now get ready for a series of trials featuring many of the biggest executives charged with the most audacious crimes of their era. But 2005 will be remembered as the year of the marquee CEO on trial. Take a look at this lineup:
Jury selection began Tuesday for the second trial of two former top Tyco International Ltd. executives charged with looting the company of $600 million (euro459 million) to subsidize their lavish lifestyles. Prosecutors promised to present a leaner case this time against former Tyco chairman and CEO L. Dennis Kozlowski and former chief financial officer Mark Swartz.
A similar round in 2003 and 2004 included the first trial of Tyco's Kozlowski--which ended in a mistrial--and cases against former Wall Street investment banker Frank Quattrone, former Rite Aid senior executive Franklin C. Brown and corporate chief/home maven Martha Stewart. The Triple Crown of corporate scandals reached full stride this week with the spectacle of three former big-money CEOs on trial simultaneously. Cases against Tyco's Dennis Kozlowski and WorldCom's Bernie Ebbers Jr. began last week in New York.
Prosecutors rewrote their opening script for the retrial of L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz on Wednesday, purging the most striking accusations of lavish spending that they had concentrated on during the first trial. Instead, prosecutors focused on laying out the core theme of their case, saying the two men, former Tyco executives, had illegally awarded themselves millions of dollars in bonuses and concealed them from the company's board and shareholders. "These defendants ran Tyco, but they did not own Tyco."
The first trial of Kozlowski and Swartz ended in mistrial last April after a juror's actions upstaged the legal proceedings. In a 3 1/2-hour opening argument, assistant Manhattan district attorney Owen Heimer said L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark Swartz earned almost $300 million in legitimate pay between 1999 and 2001, but took the additional money to finance sumptuous lifestyles that included purchases of lavish apartments and fancy artwork. "This authorized compensation--as huge as it was--was just not enough for these two men," Heimer said.
"The facts are that every penny that my client earned was on the books and records of the company he headed," he said. NEW YORK - Defense lawyers took a decidedly new approach in their opening arguments in the retrial of L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz in state Supreme Court on Thursday, lashing out at the former directors of Tyco and attacking their credibility.
An evacuation order was issued Monday for Florida Keys as a tropical storm is moving quickly towards the southern US island chain. The order will prompt the evacuation of some 40,000 residents and tourists in the Atlantic archipelago near southeastern US mainland, US TV network CNN reported. According to latest weather reports, Tropical Storm Rita is sustaining winds of 97 kph earlier Monday, and is likely to be upgraded to a level 1 hurricane by the time it passes the Florida Keys.
Hurricane Rita brushed past Key West on Tuesday and was forecast to strengthen into a major hurricane later in the week, prompting residents and rescuers to begin evacuating this feeble city, as well as parts of Louisiana and Texas. In Houston, officials began moving evacuees from New Orleans out of the Reliant Arena where they had found refuge and sending many of them on to Arkansas. In Louisiana, Gov.
World oil prices fell further on Tuesday, despite a new hurricane powering towards oil facilities in the Gulf of Mexico, and as OPEC pledged to supply more crude from the start of October if required. Hurricane Rita was upgraded from a tropical storm as it threatened the southeastern United States, forcing an alert in southern Florida and scuttling plans to repopulate New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina turned it into a ghost city three weeks earlier.
Hurricane Rita strengthened to category two, packing winds of 160 kilometers per hour (100 mph) early Tuesday afternoon, the Miami-based National Weather Center announced. The storm headed from Atlantic waters off Cuba toward the Gulf of Mexico and was expected to pass about 65 kilometers (40 miles) off Key West, the southernmost city in a chain of islands linked to mainland Florida by a single bridge.
Iberia and American Airlines said Tuesday they were suspending flights between Madrid and Miami because of Hurricane Rita. Both companies told AFP they were awaiting information from US authorities before deciding to restore the flights.
Hurricane Rita strengthened to category two, packing winds of 160 kilometers per hour (100 mph) early Tuesday afternoon, the Miami-based National Weather Center announced. The storm headed from Atlantic waters off Cuba toward the Gulf of Mexico and was expected to pass about 65 kilometers (40 miles) off Key West, the southernmost city in a chain of islands linked to mainland Florida by a single bridge. Forecasters said the Florida Keys could experience large and dangerous waves and storm surge of up to two meters (six feet.)
More than 7,000 Hurricane Katrina survivors taking refuge in Texas shelters were being uprooted again Tuesday as Hurricane Rita threatened the state neighboring Louisiana, officials said. Texas is also looking for states to house 360 refugees currently in Corpus Christi, Passey told reporters in Baton Rouge, in the state of Louisiana devastated by Katrina on August 29. More than 13,000 Katrina survivors are in Texas shelters, but authorities are only moving those located in vulnerable areas, he said.
Emergency services began evacuating residents of hurricane-ravaged New Orleans once again Tuesday due to the threat posed by Hurricane Rita, Mayor Ray Nagin said. "We have had an influx of evacuees that have made their way to the convention center.
Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco declared a state of emergency in western Louisiana on Tuesday and urged people to evacuate as strengthening Hurricane Rita headed toward the Gulf of Mexico. "I have put the state on alert. We've declared another emergency for particularly at this moment for southwest Louisiana," Blanco said.
A county judge said he is planning on issuing a mandatory evacuation of nursing homes and assisted-living facilities beginning at 6:00 am (9:00 GMT) Wednesday, with a mandatory evacuation of the general population beginning at 6:00 pm (2100 GMT) and continuing through Thursday afternoon. Local schools have already closed and government offices will be closed Wednesday amid fears the hurricane could strike the region. Hurricane Rita pounded the fragile Florida Keys islands Tuesday as it barreled toward the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico.
Some Texas geologists believe the best way to get rid of the carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels is to simply put it back where it came from. If the plan works, most carbon dioxide--a greenhouse gas--could be captured from area smokestacks and stored harmlessly underground, not pumped into the atmosphere. "We're going to test every aspect of this to determine whether it is safe," said lead researcher Susan Hovorka, with the University of Texas at Austin's Bureau of Economic Geology.
Sequestrators say carbon dioxide (CO2) would be captured using solvents, either before or after the fossil fuel is burned in the plant. The CO2 would then be pumped out, sometimes over hundreds of kilometers (miles), to disused oil and gas fields up to one kilometer (3,250 feet) underground, and stored. He pointed to a pilot scheme in the North Sea as proof of its feasibility. They also warn that the stored carbon is simply a bequeathed hazard for future generations.
Schroeder and British Prime Minister Tony Blair are pressing Bush to join them in creating an ambitious aid program to help developing nations adopt new technologies that reduce emissions from coal power plants and save energy. President Bush, in one of the least-noticed gestures of his European visit, has pledged to help developing nations such as China and India cut back on their fast-growing output of the greenhouse gases linked to global warming.
Until Congress regulates carbon emissions--a move that many in the industry consider inevitable, but unlikely soon--gasification technology will catch on only as its costs gradually come down. Gasification technology, although new to the power sector, has been widely used in the chemical industry for decades, and the general manager of the gasification plant run by Tampa Electric, Mark Hornick, said it was not difficult to train his employees to run the plant.
The first scientist to head the agency, Johnson said that in addition to helping the Department of Homeland Security secure the water supply, he wanted to find economically viable solutions for the 10 percent of Americans whose drinking water is not healthy--and for cities and municipalities facing huge bills to improve aging water treatment facilities. Conceding the existence of climate change but not ready to predicts its severity or its causes, Johnson said, "My focus is on advancing technologies and achieving real results."
The method should be operational within a decade and could eventually prove a major export earner for Britain as other countries begin to adopt climate change-reducing techniques, Energy Minister Malcolm Wicks said. Carbon capture could reduce emissions from power plants by up to 85 percent, he added. he told BBC radio. Britain is to study whether global warming can be curbed by "capturing" carbon dioxode from power stations and storing it underground in old oil and gas fields, ministers said Tuesday.
Oil group BP PLC said Thursday it has formed a joint venture with ConocoPhillips, Shell Transport Trading Co. and Scottish and Southern Energy to begin work on a project to generate "carbon-free" electricity from hydrogen. BP said the project, which would make use of a power station in northern Scotland and export the carbon dioxide to a North Sea oil reservoir, would require total capital investment of some US $600 million (euro497 million).
British Prime Minister Tony Blair hailed the compromise as a big step forward. The declaration was issued by the Group of Eight along with a "Gleneagles Plan of Action" for combatting global warming and promoting clean energy. The two documents marked the club's greatest acknowledgement so far about the cause and scale of global warming, a phenomenon that has shifted from the wings to the centre of the world's political stage in less than a quarter-century. But the deal fell miles short of the demands from scientists and green groups.
Today, more than a billion people lack access to safe drinking water. Polluted water contributes, each year, to the death of about 15 million children under age 5. "Water supplies are falling while the demand is dramatically growing." "It was laid down 10,000, maybe 100,000 years ago. "If it's based on unsustainable water resources, you jeopardize everything." (STORY CAN END HERE. OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.)
SEARCH IS ON FOR A WAY TO TRAP PLANET-HEATING CARBON DIOXIDE Moving in Washington and financial categories for release Sunday, Aug. 21. WASHINGTON--With the world poised to generate huge volumes of carbon dioxide in the next 25 years, experts say the need to capture the planet-heating gas and store it in safe places is becoming urgent--and increasingly feasible. The scale of the imminent increases is illustrated by a United Nations projection that the amount of electricity produced in the world's coal-burning power plants will double between 2002 and 2030.

The government expressed skepticism Thursday over a claim by an Iranian opposition group that Abdul Qadeer Khan, the disgraced father of Pakistan's nuclear program, had given Iran a blueprint for a nuclear bomb and some weapons-grade uranium. All but one of Khan's colleagues have been released after questioning. "We do not attach importance to this report or claim," Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan told a news conference in the capital, Islamabad.
Pakistani government said on Monday that Abdullah Q. Khan, the founder of the nation's nuclear program, will not be interrogated by concerned agencies from the United States. The Foreign Office spokesman Masood Khan told a weekly press conference here that the Pakistani authorities have the ability to handle the nuclear proliferation control. A number of Pakistani scientists and officials had been detained for the proliferation scandal since Abdullah Q. Khan confessed for his wrong doing earlier this year.
Khan provided Iran's nuclear program with "significant assistance," including the designs for "advanced and efficient" weapons components. The unclassified version of the report, posted Tuesday on the agency's Web site (www.cia.gov), does not say explicitly whether Khan's network sold Iran complete plans for building a warhead, as the network is known to have done for Libya and perhaps North Korea.
Analyzing the report, The New York Times said it indicates that bomb-making designs provided by Abdul Qadeer Khan to Iran in the 1990s were more significant than Washington has said. A.Q. "Iran's nuclear program received significant assistance in the past from the proliferation network headed by Pakistani scientist A.Q. Khan's network in supplying Iran with designs for older Pakistani centrifuges used to enrich uranium, but that they also suspect it provided a warhead design.
Investigators looking into illicit transfers of nuclear weapons technology have recently uncovered a South African-based scheme to deliver a complete uranium enrichment plant to Libya, The Los Angeles Times reported Sunday. Citing documents and interviews, the newspaper said the discovery provided fresh evidence of the reach and sophistication of Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan's global black market in nuclear know-how and equipment. The dimensions of the plot began to emerge in September, when police raided a factory outside Johannesburg, according to the report.
"We can question him the best, and then there is...a domestic sensitivity. But the White House did not ask for direct access to Khan--apparently in deference to Pakistani sensitivities about a man who, as the father of the Pakistani atomic bomb, had been considered a hero. However, the International Atomic Energy Agency still wants to interview Khan, who has been pardoned by Musharraf, as well as his assistant, who is being held in Malaysia.
The discovery gave the experts a new appreciation of the audacity of the rogue nuclear network led by A.Q. Khan, a chief architect of Pakistan's bomb. "This was the first time we had ever seen a loose copy of a bomb design that clearly worked," said one American expert, "and the question was: Who else had it? Al-Qaida?"
According to Secretary of State Colin Powell, the United States by early 2004 had amassed so much evidence that Khan was peddling nuclear secrets that Powell telephoned Musharraf and told him to "deal with" Khan. "I was confronted with the evidence and the findings, and I have voluntarily admitted that much of it is true and accurate," he said. The Pakistani president signed off by telling how much he admired the scientist. "Muslim brothers did not ask us before giving our names," Musharraf complained.
Pakistan on Monday denied reports in a US magazine that it was helping American special forces target suspected weapons sites for air strikes in neighbouring Iran. "We do not have much information about Iran's nuclear programme so I think this report is far-fetched and it exaggerates facts which do not exist in the first place," Khan told a weekly press briefing in Islamabad. I think this is pure conjecture."
The Rwandan government has launched a national war against plastic bags as an attempt to maintain the environment and clean up the country, President Paul Kagame told reporters Monday. Kagame who participated in the clean-up of the Kigali city said that his government had endorsed the ban on all plastic bags and anyone who still owns them ought to face penalties. However, shop owners feel the government's decision was to hostile and too heavy for them.
But the fee would also apply to paper bags to help reduce overall waste. Promoting a healthy environment "means we need to help change people's patterns, and that even means their shopping patterns," said incoming city Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi, who takes office in January. "This is a sensible user fee." That accounts for about 2 percent of waste, at an annual cleanup cost of about $8.4 million (euro6.45 million). Grocers and the plastics industry oppose the measure.
Although the environmentalists are not as concerned about the effect of recyclable paper bags on the environment, the proposal would include them, too, with the idea of reducing waste in general. "We think essentially it's an unnecessary and misguided approach," said Tim Shestek, spokesman for the American Plastics Council. After being considered by the commission, the proposal would move to the mayor's office or the Board of Supervisors in search of legislative sponsors.
The Ugandan government is considering a total ban on polythene bags after a 50 percent excise duty has failed to reduce their production and usage, reported local press on Tuesday. Minister of State for Trade Richard Nduhura was quoted as saying that the rampant use of polythene bags has led to environmental disasters like blockage of drainages, suffocation of children and animals and soil degradation. He added that the government was still looking at optional measures like controlling importation, production, usage and disposal of polythene bags.
It really has dramatically reduced the level of plastic bag waste all over the country," writes Ray Walsh. Virtually all of them said it's a minor expense or inconvenience, but well worth it. So it sort of defeats the purpose," writes Jim Knowles of Alameda.--Bad bagger behavior: Several readers said grocers could reduce waste if they simply instructed their baggers to use fewer sacks.
So far, plastics-industry representatives have said they will participate in Reyes' task force--particularly in light of the proposed fee in San Francisco, which they oppose. They stick to bottles and cans, and they clog sorting equipment. LOS ANGELES - Paper or plastic? Hoping to avoid drastic measures, Councilman Ed Reyes wants manufacturers of plastics and officials in grocery chains to partner with him on bag cleanups and recycling programs. Unlike paper or wood or other organic garbage, plastics don't biodegrade.
Kenya is being swamped with a flood of discarded plastic shopping bags that pose a growing public health risk and should take steps to ban the popular lould be banned and a hefty levy slapped on thicker ones to rid Kenya of an increasing environmental and health menace," the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) said.
"We are banning polythene bags and it is a matter of time for them to become history," Mugisha said on Sunday in Nairobi, Kenya where he is heading a NEMA delegation. Mugisha said a ban on plastic bags is among proposals aimed at reducing the use of polythene, adding that but the tax imposed on the plastic bags about two years ago has not helped in restricting their use because their price is still very low.
Loss of livestock can be depressing in this poor country that regulary suffers from bouts of drought. Wolde did not give the amount of the fine, but several sources estimated that offenders can pay several thousands of nakfa. Since a dollar here is worth 15 nakfa, such fines are hefty in the country where, according to an International Monetary Fund report, annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita is 130 dollars (100 euros). Individuals are not fined if they are caught with a plastic bag.
Tanzania is on the way to handle the increasing plastic waste through establishing a recycling plant believed to be the first one in east and central Africa. Minister for Industry and Trade Juma Ngasongwa was quoted by local newspaper Daily News on Thursday as saying that the Tanzanian government has set aside 1.5 million US dollars to operate the recycling plant as the first phase of the country's multi-million-dollar anti-plastic litter project. The abandoned plastic bags and containers can be spotted in many towns, blamed for clogging sewage and drainage systems.
If the model is correct, this increase in paternal age could have led to an additional 720 cases of schizophrenia in 2002. Children of older fathers face an enhanced risk of developing schizophrenia when they grow older, according to research published on Friday. Only four of these were siblings. After taking into account the patients' socioeconomic background, family history of psychosis, early parental death and other factors that could affect the outcome, the researchers found a strong statistical link between schizophrenics and the age of their father.
The DNA region came to light during the search for a schizophrenia-causing gene, which turned out not to be there. The DeCode scientists found that the chromosome-17 inversion is rare in Africans and almost absent in Asians, but is present in 20 percent of Europeans, the same frequency as in Iceland. "Maybe something switched it on in the European environment, such as an interaction with diet," said David Reich, a population geneticist at the Broad Institute.
Alarmed by the rising consumption of cannabis among French teenagers, the government on Wednesday launched a 10-million euro (13 million dollar) campaign to warn of the drug's harmful effects on physical and mental health. In 2003 a law was passed that makes driving under the influence of cannabis a criminal offence, and urine tests are being extended.
He sits with members of NARSAD--the president has a daughter with schizophrenia--and we begin talking about his research into devastating mental illness and his quest to find the genes that produce these disorders. And we begin to talk about diagnostic testing--when these genes are isolated. He thinks it's possible we could soon have a test, like that done for Down syndrome, for schizophrenia.
Vaughan Carr of the Neuroscience Institute of Schizophrenia and Allied Disorders said the discovery could provide a better understanding of the genetic causes of the illness and eventually lead to improved treatments. "The importance of this research is that it links together for the first time abnormal brain structure and function in the one image and ties that with abnormal thinking in schizophrenia," Carr said. "Now this is a remarkable achievement."
I do wonder if that intuitive approach is more prevalent among women scientists. I found a corner of the ladies' room where I lived for most of the semester. For her findings, Zoghbi, a 50-year-old pediatrician who was born in Lebanon, has won major honors in the world of science, including her election to the National Academy of Sciences. "My life is two things: the people I love and my work. With a little bit of organization, it can be done."
The drug is also at the heart of a case being considered by the U.S. Supreme Court. "People subjectively report benefits," said Dr. Joseph I. Sirven, an epilepsy specialist and associate professor of neurology at the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine in Scottsdale, Ariz. "There's a whole Internet literature suggesting what a wonderful thing it is. But the reality is, we don't know." Oral arguments were heard just after Thanksgiving and a ruling could come any day.
The study covered the districts of Kampala, Masaka, Hoima Sembabule and Masindi. This figure also accounts for the two percent of the population that suffers from epilepsy, one percent suffer from schizophrenia and three percent maniac depression, according to the report. Uganda has a population of 26.8 million, according to the 2002 national population census. "This will rise to 15 percent by the year 2020 by which time, depression will disable more than AIDS heart disorders, traffic accidents and wars combined.
IBM said on Monday that it is teaming with a European institute in a research initiative to uncover the secrets of human cognitive intelligence. Scientists from IBM and the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL) of Switzerland will work together over the next two years to create a detailed model of the circuitry in the neocortex--the largest and most complex part of the human brain, IBM said.
Yet as they grow older, they may begin to display subtle differences. Among the most important components of the epigenome are small chemical handles known as methyl groups, which are added directly to the chemical units of DNA. They may start to look different, develop different diseases or slide into different personalities. Women who are identical twins may differ in their fertility or in the age at which they reach menopause.
Arafat's condition was described as unchanged by a spokesman of the French military hospital in Paris where Arafat is variously said to be in an irreversible coma, a reversible one or no coma at all. Arafat's deputy in the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas, and Palestinian prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, were asked by the Fatah central committee on Sunday to speak directly to Arafat's doctors, Nabil Shaath, a Palestinian minister, said Sunday evening.
- Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei says Arafat is in critical condition. Oct 28: Qorei and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speak by telephone. - Israel says it will not restrict Arafat's movements. - French presidency announces in late afternoon that it has accepted a request by the Palestinian Authority for Arafat to be transferred to Paris for treatment. Oct 30: Palestinian officials deny reports that Arafat is suffering from leukemia or that he has lost his faculties. Officials categorically deny reports that he is dead.
Senior Palestinian official Yasser Abed Rabbo denied on Tuesday reports saying that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died in a French hospital. Abed Rabbo told reporters in the West Bank city of Ramallah that the reports saying that Arafat who suffers from a deep coma earlier Tuesday had died "are totally untrue," adding that "Arafat is still alive."
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat would be buried at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, well-informed Palestinian sources said Tuesday. The sources told the Dubai-based al-Arabiya TV that France reached a compromise with Israel to bury Arafat in Ramallah after his death. Tuesday witnessed a flurry of conflicting reports on Arafat's fate, with some claiming he was dead and others saying his vital organs were still functioning. Israel opposes burying Arafat in Jerusalem, although Arafat himself indicated preference for the city for his final resting place.
Yasser Arafat is in a "very difficult and serious" situation, the Palestinian foreign minister said Tuesday after he and other officials met their critically ill leader's doctors. Asked after a visit to the hospital treating Arafat about reports that he was close to death, Nabil Shaath said: "Only God knows the answer to that." "His situation is very difficult and critical," he told reporters.
Egypt might host a funeral service for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in the event of his death, Palestinian delegate to the Arab League (AL) Ahmed Sobeih told Xinhua late Tuesday. Meanwhile, the Al-Arabiya TV channel reported Tuesday night that the Palestinian side will announce the death of 75-year-old veteran leader Yasser Arafat Wednesday morning. "Palestinian officials will make an announcement about the passing away of President Arafat Wednesday morning," the TV report said, quoting sources in France, where Arafat had been treated since Oct. 29.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was not dead at 3:30 pm (1430 GMT), a French official said. An official at the army medical service said that Arafat "is not dead." "The statement made public by General Christian Estripeau is still valid at 3:30 pm," he said. Estripeau, the medical service's official spokesman, said earlier Tuesday that Arafat had slipped into a "deeper coma." Two senior Palestinian officals Nasser el-Qidwa and Leila Shahid also denied that Arafat was dead.
"The first contacts should take place in the night with the aim of reaching an agreement on the organisation of the funeral for Yasser Arafat," the official said on condition of anonymity. Israeli and Palestinian officials will begin talks overnight to discuss funeral arrangements for Yasser Arafat, a senior Israeli official told AFP Tuesday. Palestinian foreign minister Nabil Shaath denied a claim by a fellow cabinet minister Tuesday that Arafat has died in a French military hospital but said he was very ill.
The 13 main Palestinian factions held an emergency meeting Tuesday to discuss arrangements to follow an official announcement that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died, an Islamic Jihad leader said. "We are in the process of discussing the steps to be taken when the death of president Arafat is officially announced," said Khaled al-Batch.
An agreement on funeral arrangements to be made in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat's death was reached Tuesday by Israeli and Palestinian officials, a senior Palestinian official said on condition of anonymity. "Senior Palestinian and Israeli officials have reached an agreement in principle on the arrangements to be made after the death of president Arafat," the official told AFP.
Bowden hasn't been told if he can exceed the $41 million payroll with which the Expos opened last season, but baseball officials have estimated that the Nationals will take in at least $100 million more in revenue than the Expos did. Baseball expects about half of that number to bid seriously when the time comes to put up their money. Why? He might not have known it at the time, but Cablevision's Charles F. Dolan never really had a chance.
The approval was "subject to all conditions set forth in the Baseball Stadium Agreement," signed by the Expos and Washington Mayor Anthony Williams. "This is another important step in finalizing the relocation of the Montreal Expos to Washington DC," baseball commissioner Bud Selig said. "We are looking forward to finishing the last few steps, including the sale of the ballclub, and the rebirth of the club as the Washington Nationals." bb/nr04
Under the deal Williams reached with baseball owners to bring the Expos to Washington next spring, less than 20 percent of the stadium would have been financed by private funds, specifically through rent payments from the team. Baseball's statement came in response to legislation the Council approved late Tuesday night requiring that half of the riverfront stadium's projected $280 million construction costs be paid for privately, delivering a stinging rejection of a deal struck by Mayor Anthony Williams and baseball officials to finance the ballpark almost entirely with tax dollars.
The White House said Thursday it hoped that the city of Washington and Major League Baseball could still reach an agreement that would bring a professional team to the US capital city. US President George W. Bush, an avid fan and former team owner, "thought it was great that baseball would be coming to Washington," spokesman Scott McClellan told reporters. "Hopefully, they'll be able to work things out."
The compromise reached late Monday assures that 50 percent of the stadium will be privately financed, said the mayor's spokesman Chris Bender. The city's top two political leaders cleared the way Monday night for Major League Baseball in the nation's capital, after daylong negotiations to guarantee the construction of a stadium that baseball officials demanded to relocate the former Montreal Expos here. Cropp wanted to minimize the use of public money to build a stadium, which has been estimated to cost as much as $585 million.
The city almost struck out a week earlier when the council amended Williams' deal with baseball officials to require that half the construction costs be paid privately, or it would be voided. Baseball fans in the nation's capital can start dreaming again about their first opening day in 33 years. Ticket and team merchandise sales were to resume Wednesday. The Nationals' home opener on April 14 would be the first regular season major league game in the city since the Senators left to become the Texas Rangers after the 1971 season.
The Washington Nationals will make their debut in the nation's capital when they host the New York Mets in a major league baseball exhibition game on April 3. The game will be played at RFK Stadium, which will serve as the Nationals' temporary home before their new stadium is constructed. Formerly the Montreal Expos, the Nationals were officially relocated to Washington last month.
Doug Mientkiewicz started his first game for the Mets at first base and made a nifty scoop on a double play. With Mike Piazza and Cliff Floyd back in Port St. Lucie, and Mike Cameron rehabilitating from wrist surgery, Beltran was the second-most popular reason to watch Wednesday's game. In the first regular-season game between thesefranchises, Tom Seaver started for the Mets at Shea Stadium and Coco Laboy powered the Expos to an 11-10 victory.
Cox News Service WASHINGTON On the day when Washington's new baseball team won its first exhibition game, President Bush honored Jackie Robinson in a congressional ceremony on Wednesday and welcomed the champion Boston Red Sox to the White House. The ceremony marking the Red Sox first World Series win since 1918 was an upbeat event despite political overtones. But team executives backed Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry. John Henry, a Kerry backer and the team's principal owner, was ill and skipped the event.
The city's new team, the Nationals, begins regular season play Monday, with a home opener set for April 14, and it remains without a deal to televise its games. Mr. Angelos opposed bringing baseball to Washington on the grounds that it might further damage his Orioles franchise, whose fortunes have nose-dived in the 12 years since he purchased the team. He has insisted that Major League Baseball should compensate him for the revenue he believes the Nationals will leech from the Orioles.
"This is to inform you of my decision to retire from my position as an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, effective upon the nomination and confirmation of my successor," she said in a letter to Bush. O'Connor, 75, did not explain why she was resigning. Her resignation, which will result in the first opening on the US Supreme Court in 11 years, will allow Bush to make his first appointment to the nine-member court which makes many vital decisions concerning US society.
Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman appointed to the US Supreme Court and a frequent swing vote, has announced her retirement, a court source said Friday. Her retirement, which sets up a long-awaited political battle for a successor and gives President George W. Bush his first chance to select a justice for the high court, was confirmed by a Supreme Court official who requested anonymity.
President George W. Bush on Friday said he would nominate a new Supreme Court Justice in a timely manner, and called for a dignified confirmation battle, as rival political camps geared up for battle. Bush made a statement in the White House Rose Garden, shortly after Justice Sandra Day O'Connor announced her retirement. Bush also paid tribute to O'Connor, the first woman to serve on the top US court. "America is proud of Justice O'Connor's distinguished service and I am proud to know her," he said.
Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman appointed to the US Supreme Court and a frequent swing vote, announced her retirement Friday, setting up a fierce political showdown for her seat. Bush said he would pick a new justice in a "timely manner" but the White House said there would be no announcement before he returns from next week's G8 summit in Scotland. The president was set to pore over profiles of potential Supreme Court picks during the long flight to Europe, his spokesman Scott McClellan said.
But the most frequently mentioned names include Attorney General Alberto Gonzales as well as federal appeals court judges Michael Luttig, Harvie Wilkinson, John Roberts and former solicitor general Theodore Olson. Minutes after O'Connor's announcement, political leaders and lobby groups fired the first shots in a long brewing battle for the court's political soul. Bush said he would pick a new justice in a "timely manner" but the White House said there would be no announcement before he returns from next week's G8 summit in Scotland.
"You can never predict or control (how they'll vote). WASHINGTON - President Dwight D. Eisenhower figured Earl Warren would make an ideal chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Eisenhower said he chose Warren the next year because of his deliberate style and his "middle-of-the-road" philosophy. That was the case with Souter, a state judge in New Hampshire who served briefly as a federal appeals judge before his nomination to the Supreme Court.
Conservatives, who turned out in record numbers to cast votes last November for the Republican president, see in the retirement of moderate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor a historic chance to reshape the nine-member high court, and fulfill a fervent wish to overturn the watershed Roe v. Wade Supreme Court case which guaranteed women the right to an abortion. Liberals, meanwhile, have sternly warned Bush not to name an "extremist" to the court and have vowed to put up a fierce fight to safeguard the right to legal abortion.
US President George W. Bush on Wednesday chastised critics of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales as a potential candidate for the recently-vacated seat in the Supreme Court. "I don't like it when a friend gets criticized. I'm loyal to my friends," the US leader said of Gonzales during a brief stop in Denmark on Wednesday before attending the G8 summit in Scotland. Republicans and Democrats are geared up for a major political fight over a successor to Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who announced her retirement last Friday.
NAACP members are being urged to contact the White House and their senators to influence selection of the nominee, said Hilary Shelton, head of the NAACP's Washington, D.C., branch. The NAACP's health committee is investigating how well hospitals address racial gaps _ particularly by having black physicians on staff _ and it will grade hospitals in a report card to be released next year, said Rupert Richardson, an NAACP board member from Louisiana and chairwoman of the group's national health committee.
What a concept. "Would I be willing to consider people who had never been a judge? The answer is: You bet," Bush told reporters. He indicated he was already doing so. The idea is that a little hands-on political experience, such as O'Connor had in the Arizona state legislature before becoming a state court judge, might help the nominee reach sensible judicial judgments the country can support.
The shooting occurred late Saturday afternoon while Cheney was hunting with Harry Whittington, 78, a prominent Austin lawyer, on the Armstrong Ranch in south Texas. Vice President Dick Cheney accidentally sprayed a companion with birdshot while hunting quail on a private Texas ranch, injuring the man in the face, neck and chest, the vice president's office confirmed yesterday after a Texas newspaper reported the incident.
"He wore a brand new camouflage jacket for the occasion, which makes you wonder just how often he does really go goose hunting," Cheney said, according to a White House transcript. Cheney was using a 28-gauge shotgun and was about 30 yards away from Whittington, she said. Both men were wearing orange vests. The covey flushed and the vice president picked out a bird and was following it and shot. And, by God, Harry was in the line of fire and got peppered pretty good."
U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney accidentally shot and injured a hunting companion in Texas over the weekend, U.S. media reported Sunday. Harry Whittington, Cheney's hunting companion during a quail hunting trip in Texas on Saturday, was mostly injured on his right side, with shotgun pellets hitting his cheek, neck and chest, the reports said. Whittington, 78, was "alert and doing fine" in the hospital, Katharine Armstrong, owner of the Armstrong Ranch in south Texas, was quoted by CNN as saying.
He was described as in stable condition by Yvonne Wheeler, spokeswoman for the Christus Spohn Health System in Corpus Christi. "It knocked him silly. "The vice president has got an ambulance on call, so the ambulance came." Armstrong said Cheney is a longtime friend who comes to the ranch to hunt about once a year and is "a very safe sportsman."
They packed the wounded attorney into Cheney's ambulance and drove him to a nearby hospital. The accident occurred Saturday when the vice president wheeled to shoot at a covey of quail and accidentally sprayed his hunting partner, 78-year-old attorney Harry Whittington, with bird shot, authorities said. "There was no alcohol or misconduct." And I think that's where everybody's attention should have been focused, and was focused, when the hunting accident took place."
McClellan said spoke with Katharine Armstrong, one of the ranch owners and an eyewitness to the accident, and she agreed to relay word of the accident to the local newspaper on Sunday. "I think it's always important to get information out as quickly as possible," McClellan said. 8 p.m. EST--Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove updates Bush, telling the president that Cheney was the shooter.
The White House sought with little success on Monday to quell an uproar over why it took the better part of a day to disclose that Vice President Dick Cheney had accidentally wounded a fellow hunter in Texas on Saturday and why even President Bush initially got an incomplete report on the shooting. The pressure came in part from questions about whether Cheney might have been trying to play down the incident, a suggestion that was rejected by those who were with Cheney over the weekend.
The man accidentally shot by US Vice President Dick Cheney while the two were hunting on a southern Texas ranch is in stable condition, a hospital spokeswoman said Monday. Harry Whittington, 78, was peppered with shotgun pellets after Cheney turned to shoot quail that had just been flushed out of the brush, Cheney spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride confirmed Sunday. "The area affected was his shoulder, upper body, chest and some of the neck area," she said. "It was like a spraying.
McClellan as well as Cheney spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride insisted that the time gap between the incident and its confirmation by the White House was due to a focus on getting Whittington the medical care he needed. The news first came to light on Sunday at 1:48 pm (1948 GMT), when the Corpus Christi Caller-Times published Armstrong's account on its Internet site. Armstrong has said that Whittington came up noiselessly behind the vice president, who spun around to target a bird and shot his fellow hunter instead.
The Texas Parks and Wildlife Department informed Cheney that he lacked a stamp for hunting "upland game birds" in the state when the shooting incident occurred, the vice president's office said in a statement. Texas authorities said they would issue a warning citation to Cheney but impose no penalty or fine for failing to have the seven-dollar stamp. The revelation was sure to aggravate a public relations headache for the White House, already under criticism for waiting a day to disclose the shooting incident.
"The memorial will be the centerpiece and our first priority in the rebuilding effort," Pataki said at a luncheon event in New York City. "Reflecting Absence" by architect Michael Arad, which features two reflecting pools surrounded by gardens, was chosen from 5,201 entries submitted to an international design competition. The pools are to sit almost empty, with water running down the sides only, symbolizing the vacuum left by the 2,749 people who died when two hijacked planes were crashed into the trade center's twin towers.
The governor said that financing of the memorial should be the "first and most important" priority for the $816 million in federal grants that have yet to be allocated by the Lower Manhattan Development Corp.
Conceivably, then, the foundation may start its $500 million campaign with several hundred million dollars already available. (STORY CAN END HERE. Chairman of HSBC Holdings. Russell L. Carson. Chairman and chief executive of Tishman Speyer Properties. Pataki had already said that four former presidents--Bill Clinton, George H.W. OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Member of the memorial jury, vice chairwoman of the International Freedom Center. Chairman and chief executive of the American International Group. Robert Wood Johnson IV.
The memorial board also included retired New York firefighter Lee Ielpi and Monica Iken, whose husband was killed in the trade center attack. Four US ex-presidents, a Hollywood legend, a retired fireman and a star TV journalist were among those appointed Wednesday to lead the project for a memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Center.
Severed during the clearing of ground zero, many steel and concrete column footings that still outline the perimeters of the twin towers will be made part of the memorial itself, as will a 70-foot-tall, 250-foot-long section of the original slurry wall. Kevin M. Rampe, the president of the Lower Manhattan Development Corp., which is overseeing the memorial, described the new elements as "simple acts, knitted together to create a powerful memorial at the heart of the World Trade Center site."
The architectural team designing the World Trade Center (WTC) memorial presented an update on its plans Thursday afternoon. The updated design will not include any changes to the random listing of the victims' names. The families of some rescue workers wanted their loved ones listed separately, though police officers, firefighters and paramedics will be identifiable by the insignia of their respective agencies.
But the future may hold opacity, or at least translucence, as the nonprofit foundation assumes more of the role that the Lower Manhattan Development Corp. has performed until now. Operate. "There is no law that requires that the board must be open," said Ira M. Millstein, a senior partner in the law firm Weil, Gotshal Manges, who is counsel to the development corporation board and one of the foundation's directors. "This is a decision for the board to make," Millstein said.
The 33-member board set up governance and executive committees before meeting Wednesday with trade center master planner Daniel Libeskind and memorial architect Michael Arad near the building site. George Pataki urged passage of an income tax checkoff that would allow New York taxpayers to donate to the memorial. The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation's board also includes former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, Disney CEO Michael Eisner and several trade center victims' family members. Whitehead's agency was created to oversee redevelopment at and around the trade center site.
"We have to remember that 9/11 began in 1993," said Michael Macko of New York City, son of victim William Macko. In a ceremony above the gaping pit remaining from the Sept. 11, 2001, attack that destroyed the complex and the original memorial, an honor guard of Port Authority officers placed the fragment in a 9 1/2-foot-tall (2.9-meter-high) steel pylon shaped like one of the twin towers.
"It's absolutely critical that we take the steps necessary to set the grade in a way that achieves the objective we all share of knitting the site back into the community, both physically and visually," Kevin M. Rampe, president of the development corporation, said Wednesday. For comparison's sake, the PATH station concourse is at elevation 276 feet, the mezzanine at 264 feet and the passenger platforms at 250 feet. It is just a few feet high.
The suspect was put on a suicide watch. The Glendale Police Department was leading the criminal investigation, with Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department assisting. Hundreds of tons of wreckage from the commuter trains lay strewn across the area. We had seconds to think about what was going on," she said. On the train cars, windows gaped or were shattered in their frames.
At least 10 people were killed and more than 180 injured Wednesday when a commuter train derailed after crashing into a car parked on tracks north of Los Angeles, then sideswiped an oncoming train, knocking it off its rails. Authorities said the SUV, a Jeep Cherokee, was left on the tracks by an apparently suicidal man, who jumped from the vehicle moments before the southbound commuter train plowed into it.
People on the train and in the neighborhood near the tracks saw Alvarez as he ran away from his vehicle. He wrote "I love my kids" and "I love Leslie" using the heart symbol, Vilaubi said. Wednesday's crash was the third fatal accident involving Metrolink in the past three years. Metrolink train 100, a four-car train being pushed by a locomotive, was southbound from Moorpark to Los Angeles and approaching the Glendale station at 6:02 a.m. when its front car hit Alvarez's Jeep.
A 25-year-old man was arrested following Wednesday's commuter train collision that killed at least 10 people near downtown Los Angeles. Alvarez, who is on the suicide watch list, drove his Jeep Cherokee on the tracks, then changed his mind about taking his life and fled from the vehicle when the train was approaching. "He has been cooperative and he has talked to our investigators, "Adams said.
"He's carrying a lot of baggage and talked about killing himself," said Sheriff Lee Baca of Los Angeles County. Until Wednesday, Juan Manuel Alvarez was living the average life of an obscure and troubled man. He has an arrest record for cocaine, a turbulent relationship with his estranged wife and a restraining order to keep away from her and their two children.
"He exited the vehicle and stood by as a southbound Metrolink train struck his vehicle, causing the train to derail and strike the northbound train," the police chief said. After hitting the car, the packed rush-hour train, which was bound for Los Angeles' Union Station, jumped its tracks and jack-knifed into the path of an oncoming commuter train heading in the opposite direction.
"He was very distraught and upset and realized he caused a major disaster." Doug Parsons of Northridge also was aboard the train, headed for his job at the Metropolitan Water District downtown. "It had to be the worst multicasualty incident I've been to," Los Angeles Fire Capt. "This whole incident started by a deranged individual who was suicidal," Adams said. It just looked like a war zone. We heard some gravel fly and then...the big boom.
Authorities believe Juan Manuel Alvarez drove his Jeep Grand Cherokee around the rail crossing barrier and onto the Metrolink train tracks at Chevy Chase Drive in Glendale about 6 a.m. Wednesday. His intent was to kill himself, but he changed his mind after his SUV got stuck between the tracks in an area slightly away from the grade crossing. At 6:02 a.m., the three-car Train 100, headed from Moorpark to Union Station, with the locomotive in the rear, crashed into the SUV.
Increasingly, his behavior became more odd and paranoid, his wife said in court papers, and she said he accused her of participating in pornographic videos. Alvarez may also face federal charges in the train derailment. He was to stand in court on Thursday afternoon and answer the charges, but his appearance was postponed until Friday because he was too weak from wounds he made to his wrists and chest before the wreck, prosecutors said.
"Now that we have done further investigation, we know the self-inflicted wounds were received after he placed the car on the tracks and after he fled from the scene," one source said. Within hours of the crash, Alvarez was arrested on suspicion of murder. Juan Miguel Alvarez, charged with murder with special circumstances in the deaths of 11 Metrolink passengers, slashed and stabbed himself after seeing the horrific train crash he caused, sources close to the investigation said Thursday.
Commissioner for Tourism Eva Cheng Wednesday said the opening of Hong Kong Disneyland will be divided into three phases from early August in order to ensure a smooth and well-coordinated start. "The idea of a phased opening is to give the theme park, public transport operators and relevant departments a familiarization period to adjust their operation and services," Cheng said. A section of the Park Promenade linked to the line will be opened.
Disney officials consulted Chinese feng shui experts before building Hong Kong Disneyland, making changes such as tilting the site of the park several degrees and setting up "no fire zones" in kitchens, a company spokeswoman said Sunday. Feng shui is the Chinese belief that harmonious energy and therefore better fortune can be achieved by the correct positioning of furniture and other objects. The park's groundbreaking date and opening date of Sept. 12 were picked after conferring with feng shui specialists, she said.
Hong Kong Disneyland announced its on-line ticketing plan on June 22. People who want to visit the theme park need to use their credit card to book tickets through the website of Hong Kong Disneyland. Each credit card can buy at most 10 tickets. The theme park said that starting from Friday, guests can buy tickets for its grand opening day on Sept. 12 and the first 90 days after its opening. Hong Kong Disneyland will begin its rehearsal on Aug. 16 and it will last for approximately four weeks.
Hong Kong Disneyland will stage its rehearsal from Aug. 16 to the theme park's opening on Sept. 12, the park said in a press release on Friday. Rehearsal days have been a long-standing tradition at Disney theme parks and resorts around the world and present an opportunity for cast members, Disney's term for employees, to practice and adjust their performance. The rehearsal period at HK Disneyland will last for approximately four weeks prior to the grand opening.
"We started ticket sales last week, they are very popular. The opening day and the weekend is most popular." Robinson said after a signing ceremony with Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited. The ticket sale of the Hong Kong Disneyland has been proceeding well, although there are still tickets left for all the days available for booking online, Hong Kong Disneyland Group Managing Director Don Robinson said Monday.
They question whether the park is the best way to create jobs, and they're also doubtful that it will attract big-spending tourists. A fantasy land with a Sleeping Beauty Castle set against lush mountains on an outlying island, Hong Kong Disneyland predicts it will draw about 3.6 million tourists to Hong Kong within a year and up to 7.4 million annually after 15 years.
The feng shui experts even picked the opening date of the park _ Sept. 12. Mickey Mouse, Sleeping Beauty's castle and the Lion King are all here at Disney's new theme park in Hong Kong, along with classic rides familiar to fans of other Disney theme parks _ Space Mountain, the Mad Hatter Tea Cups and Dumbo. But in creating the Disney experience for a mostly Chinese audience, this thoroughly American _ and notoriously detail-obsessed _ company has incorporated many elements of local culture.
Hong Kong Disneyland said Thursday it won't cut its daily maximum capacity of 30,000 people despite complaints of large crowds and long queues from visitors during rehearsal days. Many of the 29,000 visitors who visited Hong Kong Disneyland for a charity day last weekend complained of excessively long queues to enter the park as well as to get on rides, and critics have urged Disney to reduce its maximum daily capacity, local newspapers reported.
Simon Peh, assistant director of Immigration Department, said as one thirds of the Hong Kong Disneyland visitors are expected to come from the Chinese mainland, the Immigration Department is ready to dispatch more staff members to various cross-border check points during the opening day and other holidays. He suggested Chinese mainland passengers arrive in Hong Kong via Lo Wu Check Point, Hong Kong's largest cross boundary check point with 233 clearance counters.
But not dog-lovers, shark-defenders and fireworks foes. The opposition may seem odd, in a Chinese city where fireworks are a fixture, shark fin soup is hugely popular, and stray dogs are summarily dealt with as health hazards. And then there were the plans for nightly fireworks displays at the park on Lantau, Hong Kong's largest island. Neighbors said they were worried about the noise and smoke, but the park stuck with its original plans.
"With space, well,...it moves humanity forward." Space scientists hope to finally get some answers in three weeks when they send a space probe spinning down through the thick atmosphere of a world more distant than any visited before. Many scientists suspect the moon has its own weather, as well as chemical cycles similar to those on Earth, and can even help researchers understand how life originated here.
The springs are designed to give Huygens (pronounced HOY-ginz) "a good spin"--seven revolutions per minute--and thrust it into the void, first at less than 1 mph, but then quickly to a speed relative to orbiting Cassini of about 13,500 mph, according to deputy mission operations manager Earl Maize at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena. It looks as though it will land within a few tens of meters of its planned landing site."
With a gentle shove on Christmas Eve, the Cassini spacecraft will launch the European Space Agency's Huygens probe on a course that should send it plunging into the atmosphere of Saturn's big moon Titan. The probe must be released precisely on course because it has no means of maneuvering and will remain dormant until a timer wakes it up for entry into Titan's hazy, hydrocarbon-laced atmosphere and a parachute descent to the surface on Jan. 14.
It is the only moon in the solar system with a substantial atmosphere, but scientists can only guess what kind of surface will greet Huygens--a sea of liquid methane, ice, or a strange hydrocarbon. The moon's frigid temperatures--estimated to be around minus 290 degrees Fahrenheit--make Titan an inhospitable environment for life, but may have helped preserve concentrations of organic matter similar to those on Earth before life began.
The European-built space probe Huygens separated from its NASA mothership late Friday to begin a descent to Saturn's largest moon Titan, during which it will sample the atmosphere of Titan. NASA said in an online news release that its Deep Space Network tracking stations in Madrid, Spain and Goldstone, California, received the signal at about 10:24 p.m. EST (0324 GMT). And scientists hope the on-site probe by Huygens would confirm the assumption and help them to better understand how life appears on Earth.
"The probe successfully detached from the Cassini orbiter," Rosemary Sullivant, a spokeswoman for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory told AFP. "They received the signal, I think at 7:24 (0324 GMT) this evening." It will take Huygens 20 days to reach Titan, the only moon in the solar system which has an atmosphere. It is scheduled to arrive at its destination on January 14.
Titan has beguiled scientists for years because it is unlike any other place in the solar system. Applause burst out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory shortly after 7:24 p.m. PST, when scientists received word from NASA's Deep Space Network tracking stations in Spain and Goldstone, Calif., that the Huygens probe had cast off after a seven-year piggyback ride on the Cassini spacecraft. "Today's release was another successful milestone in the Cassini-Huygens odyssey," said David Southwood of the European Space Agency, which built the Huygens probe.
A signal confirming release of the probe was received at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory at 7:24 p.m. PST (0324 GMT Saturday). The actual event occurred earlier, but it took more than an hour for radio signals to cross the hundreds of millions of miles between Saturn and Earth. "This was a big one partly because we had to do this right or no mission at all," said David Southwood, the ESA science program director.
NASA said in an online news release that its Deep Space Network tracking stations in Madrid, Spain, and Goldstone, California, received the signal at about 10:24 p.m. EST (0324 GMT). And scientists hope the on- site probe by Huygens would confirm the assumption and help them better understand how life appeared on the Earth. Three parachutes will slow its descent so that the instruments it carries can have enough time to take detailed readings.
The mission may help prove, or disprove, a long-held hypothesis that Titan may even have rain as well as lakes and rivers, albeit containing not water by unknown muddy substances. "The probe successfully detached from the Cassini orbiter," Rosemary Sullivant, a spokeswoman for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, told AFP in a brief telephone interview. "They received the signal, I think, at 7:24 (0324 GMT Saturday) this evening Pacific time," she said.
Stressing that Taiwan is not part of the People's Republic of China as the Beijing authorities claim, Chiu said this is also the feeling of a majority of the people of Taiwan. The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) agreed in late December to submit the draft bill to a NPC plenary session for deliberation in March this year.
President Chen Shui-bian called for the nation Friday to seriously face Beijing's proposed anti-secession law which he said would undermine stability across the Taiwan Strait if enacted. The president reiterated remarks he made in his New Year's address in which he condemned Beijing's plans to enact an anti-secession law as a unilateral attempt to change the status quo in the Taiwan Strait. Chen called the proposed law the biggest threat to regional stability and peace in the world.
The enacting of an anti-secession law by Beijing will diminish cross-Taiwan Strait exchanges and thus will be harmful to the development of bilateral ties, a scholar said Monday. Shu Yung-ming, an assistant researcher with Academia Sinica, Taiwan's highest research institute, said in a seminar that the people of Taiwan will be afraid of visiting the mainland after the legislation is approved due to its ambiguous definition of secessionist activities.
Both the United States and the European Union think mainland China's planned anti-secession legislation is counterproductive to peace across the Taiwan Strait, Minister of Foreign Affairs Tan Sun Chen said Monday. Chen made the remarks after presiding over a Lunar New Year gathering at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) auditorium. The mainland's rubber-stamp parliament--the National People's Congress--is scheduled to screen the so-called anti-secession law in March.
Speaking with a group of pro-Taiwan independence activists, Wu said Taiwan will have no choice other than to ask its people to decide in a referendum whether to unite with the mainland on Beijing's terms of "one country, two systems" or whether to accept the "one China" principle if Beijing enshrines either of them in its proposed law.
The United States hopes mainland China will put off its plan to enact an "anti-secession law" to help temper the tension across the Taiwan Strait, an American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) official said Tuesday. Raymond F. Greene, chief of the political section at the AIT's Taipei office, made the remarks during a visit to the legislative caucus of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), according to Lai Ching-teh, one of the caucus leaders.
The Legislative Yuan will pass a resolution against Beijing's anti-secession legislation, Legislative Yuan Speaker Wang Jin-pyng said Thursday. Wang made the announcement after a cross-party consultative meeting to discuss certain critical legislative bills.



Vancouver millionaire Ripudaman Singh Malik, 57, and Kamloops, British Columbia mill worker Ajaib Singh Bagri, 55, are charged with multiple counts of conspiracy and first degree murder in the world's worst airline terrorism act prior to the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States. The trial of two men accused of bombing an Air India jumbo jet and killing 329 people almost 20 years ago entered its final stretch Tuesday with the defense attacking the credibility of a star government witness.
At the time, Sikh separatists were fighting for an independent homeland in India's Punjab. Since the trial began in April 2003, Canadian prosecutors have constructed a complex case against the pair, based on witness testimony, police interviews, phone records and surveillance. The trial is being held in a 7.5 million Canadian dollar (5.6 million US) bunker-like, bomb-proof, bullet-resistant court built especially for this case. The court also designated as a remote annex a vast warehouse in a secret location.
The prosecution began final arguments Monday in the case of an Air India jumbo jet bombing that killing 329 people almost 20 years ago, saying the two men accused in the Canadian trial were guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. Air India flight 182, a Boeing 747 named The Emperor Kanishka for the Indian ruler at the time of Christ, blew up off the Irish coast on June 23, 1985, killing all aboard. The plane was traveling from Toronto to India via London.
Canadian prosecutors began wrapping up their final arguements here Monday in the trial of two Sikh immigrants from India charged with conspiring to bomb Air India passenger jets in 1985, resulting in the deaths of 331 people. The two Sikh immigrants, Ajaib Singh Bagri and Ripudaman Singh Malik, are each charged with eight counts of murder and conspiracy in the bombing, the deadliest single terrorist act until the September 11, 2001 attacks in the United States. Bagri's lawyer says his client was the innocent victim in the case.
(END OPTIONAL TRIM.) More than 100 witnesses have testified during nearly two years of proceedings in the most serious terrorism trial in Canadian history. A special high-security courtroom was built for the case, at a cost of $6 million, complete with a prisoner dock encased in bulletproof glass. In addition, key witnesses offered vague and contradictory recollections, and key evidence is circumstantial.
Malik and Bagri, who have been in custody since their arrest in late 2000, are also charged with the Narita blast. "It has been shown (Malik) has a powerful and pervasive motive," prosecutor Joe Bellows said in British Columbia Supreme Court. "They ignited in Malik emotions of both ambition and revenge," he said. Bellows said the 1984 assassination of Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards was also part of the reaction to the temple raid.
That witness, a member of a militant Sikh group whose identity is protected by the court, said Bagri told him that he was responsible for the bombings. Bagri, a 55-year-old mill worker in Kamloops, British Columbia, and Vancouver millionaire Ripudaman Singh Malik, 57, are charged with multiple counts of conspiracy and first degree murder in the world's worst airline terrorism act before the September 11, 2001, attacks in the United States. Prosecutor Richard Cairns argued that Bargris was a high-ranking member of a terrorist group.
Final arguments in the murder trial of two Sikhs charged with the 1985 bombing of an Air India jumbo jet concluded, ending one of the most exhaustive and expensive trials in Canadian history. The trial against a millionaire and a mill worker charged with multiple counts of conspiracy and first-degree murder hinges on the testimony of three star witnesses and contradicting bombing experts. The case has called 115 witnesses since it began in April 2003. Alleged bombmaker Inderjit Singh Reyat has already pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is in prison.
John Ward of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told reporters that 250 officers have worked on the case since 1985. Two men charged with murder and conspiracy in the Air India bombings, the world's most lethal terror strike prior to September 11, 2001, will wait until March to hear a verdict, a judge said Friday. After 19 months of complex hearings, the massive trial of Ajaib Singh Bagri and Ripudaman Singh Malik ended Friday with lawyers on all sides trying to score a few last points.
Even before the verdict is pronounced, relatives of the 331 victims are calling for a public inquiry. He is serving two sentences totalling 15 years. Fear of intimidation in Canada's immigrant Sikh community has led to police protection for several prosecution witnesses. "There are more people involved than the two people who are charged," said Dave Hayer, an British Columbia provincial legislator. No one has been charged with the murder.
In 2002, it overturned a 1989 ruling that had permitted executing the mentally retarded, saying that a national consensus had emerged that executing such people violated the Eighth Amendment prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment. In addition, Congress tramples on states' rights when it seeks to regulate the use of a drug that state law says may be prescribed for certain medical conditions, Angel Raich and Diane Monson state in papers filed with the justices. The U.S. government supports Jackson's position in a legal brief filed with the court.
As the justices return to work Monday, their first task is to belatedly explain the new rules. The majority said such a system violates the Constitution's guarantee of a jury trial. They have to decide just how much remains of the federal sentencing system." But there are several cases dealing with the detention and deportation of noncitizens.
A possible revolution in the federal criminal justice system will be on the agenda when the Supreme Court opens its new term Monday. The court is hearing the case on an expedited schedule in response to the uproar and confusion created by a 5 to 4 ruling it issued June 24, just before leaving for summer recess.
They argued that it made a "mockery" of the law by permitting judges to give more lenient sentences based on certain facts but forbidding them from increasing the sentences based on other facts. of intoxicating liquors is hereby prohibited." Lawyers for Garrison Johnson, a black inmate, say racial segregation is unconstitutional in all instances.The court also will decide whether police can use drug-sniffing dogs in routine traffic stops.
The Supreme Court opens its new term Monday faced with urgent business and looming uncertainty. The justices' most pressing task is to resolve the fate of the federal criminal sentencing system, which the court itself threw into limbo in June by declaring unconstitutional a similar, although not identical, system used by the state of Washington.
I will watch him die." Since the 1976 reinstatement of the death penalty, 22 people _ 13 of them in Texas _ have been executed for crimes committed as 16- or 17-year-olds. Simmons and his attorneys did not reply to interview requests. Simmons' advocates argue that he led a tough life, from the time his parents separated. He was arrested the next day.
Justice Anthony Kennedy observed that he was "troubled" that a ban might lead gang leaders to use 16- or 17-year-olds as "hit men." "I'm very concerned about that," Kennedy told Seth Waxman, a former solicitor general of the United States who was arguing on behalf of Missouri death row inmate Christopher Simmons, who faces execution for a murder he committed at 17. That leaves only Kennedy and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor as possible fifth votes for a ban.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, the other swing vote, noted that several states in recent years have raised the minimum age to 18 for imposing the death penalty. The Supreme Court struggled Wednesday over whether the time has come to end the death penalty for young murderers. Now that Iran and Congo say they have repudiated the practice, the United States stands alone in the world in sanctioning the execution of minors. They noted that all but a handful of states had exempted mentally retarded persons from the death penalty.
About 20 states allowed executions of retarded people when the court voted 6-3 to outlaw them. The Supreme Court on Wednesday struggled to assess the morality and propriety of states' executing murderers who killed at age 16 or 17 _ the ultimate punishment carried out in few places outside the United States. They heard arguments in a Missouri case involving Christopher Simmons, who at 17 kidnapped a neighbor and threw her off a bridge. Prosecutors say he planned the burglary and killing.
Only two teenagers were condemned to death in 2003, compared with 15 in 1999. The US Supreme Court on Wednesday heard arguments on the legality of the death penalty for criminals aged under 18 in a case that has received international attention. The Missouri Supreme Court commuted Simmons' sentence to life in prison in 2003, and the state has appealed that decision. The Simmons case would decide the fate of 73 people currently on death row across the United States for crimes committed when they were minors.
