It is, therefore, clear that the Prime Minister's decision has not been influenced by any dramatic improvement in the ground situation. Significantly, Musharraf had suggested withdrawal of Indian troops from Kashmir region. Markets are overcrowded, traffic jam is heavy and the shops are jostling with shoppers in the capital city of Srinagar in the Indian-administered Kashmir as the holy Moslem festival of Eid approaches here. But, around this Eid festival, there is more to the happy public mood than just the urge to over spend during the festival.
The Pakistani and Indian portions of Kashmir are separated by a heavily militarized cease-fire line where skirmishes were once common between their forces. Crying, waving and throwing letters wrapped around stones to each other, hundreds of Kashmiris gathered on either side of a river that separates the disputed Himalayan region between Pakistan and India. Families separated for decades by the Kashmir conflict shouted greetings over the noise of the fast-flowing river. Despite easing tensions between South Asia's nuclear rivals, Kashmiris are still forbidden from crossing the watery border.
In January, former Indian Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee's government began the first talks with Kashmiri separatist leaders, but two rounds of discussions showed little progress. During more than a year of talks with Pakistan, India has refused to let Kashmiri leaders have a direct role in deciding possible solutions to the 57-year conflict over Kashmir. "So if anybody believes that you can have a bilateral agreement on Kashmir, they are highly mistaken."
India accuses Pakistan of arming Muslim insurgents fighting for the region's independence or merger with Islamic Pakistan. But Singh shrugged off a suggestion by Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf last month that some areas of Kashmir be made independent, placed under joint Indian and Pakistani control, or put under United Nations administration. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met with Kashmiri political leaders on Thursday during a rare visit to the Himalayan region aimed at ending half a century of separatist violence that has claimed tens of thousands of lives.
Pakistan's Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan said that Singh's comments did not necessarily represent an intractable position. "Let us not read too much into these statements because, as you can see, we have this track of confidence-building and dialogue, and there is no definitiveness in these statements," Khan told a news conference Thursday. Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is due to make his first trip to India next week since taking office in August, and will hold talks with Singh.
The prime ministers of India and Pakistan plan to meet here Wednesday in an effort to find new grounds for compromise in the long-running conflict over Kashmir. Both countries have hinted that Aziz's meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may produce agreement on opening bus service between the Indian- and Pakistani-controlled sections of Kashmir for the first time in 57 years of conflict over the Himalayan territory. Aziz's two-day visit comes amid mixed signals from India and Pakistan on their willingness to compromise on Kashmir.
Indian and Pakistani military commanders were to discuss Wednesday Indian charges that Pakistan fired mortar shells across the border into Indian-controlled Kashmir in violation of a 14-month ceasefire. "The director generals of military operations will be talking later today," an Indian government official said, declining to be named. "The Pakistani side has denied firing. Let's see."
India and Pakistan agreed last month that Kashmiri residents would not need passports to cross the divided state by bus but would use permits issued by the civil administration after being cleared by police. India's prime minister will personally flag off the first bus to travel between the Indian and Pakistan zones of divided Kashmir in almost six decades when the service resumes next month, an official said Saturday. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Kashmir in April will be his third since he assumed office in May.
Pakistani and Indian officials will exchange passenger lists for a bus service next month across the divided Kashmir region, a Foreign Ministry official said Monday. Pakistan and India agreed in February to re-establish a bus link between the Indian- and Pakistan-controlled portions of Kashmir as part of moves to improve relations between the two longtime rivals. The passengers on the first bus route will include men and women, as well as elderly people who have not seen relatives on the other side of the frontier for 50 years, he said.
Fifty-seven years of conflict has divided thousands of Kashmiri families. Some migrated in the aftermath of the bloody partition of the subcontinent in 1947, many more fled to the Pakistani side when a separatist insurgency took hold in the Indian portion of Kashmir in 1989. All that changed Thursday, when two buses, carrying about 50 people in all, many of them elderly, shuttled in each direction between Srinagar and Muzaffarabad, the capitals of the Indian and Pakistan-administered Kashmir, for 15-day stays.
If this accusation is presented, the Ministry of Health will have to back up its decisions." "The decision is made and there is no turning back," Health Minister Pilar Mazzetti told reporters. Peru's health minister said Monday that government plans to distribute morning-after birth control pills at public health clinics will begin as scheduled in January, despite an attempt by conservative lawmakers in this predominantly Roman Catholic country to have her prosecuted for promoting abortion.
Ultimately, it will be up to Food and Drug Administration officials to decide: Should older teens be able to buy emergency contraception without a prescription? Now that company, Barr Pharmaceuticals, has submitted a second proposal _ to sell its Plan B brand to people 16 and older, but to require anyone younger than that to consult a physician. While many in the medical field do not share their view, they see interfering with a fertilized egg as abortion.
This editorial appeared in Saturday's Los Angeles Times: A strong conviction that teenagers should not have sex can leave no room for reality--like the fact that many teenagers do have sex, no matter what society or their elders say. The Bush administration's simplistic policies for complicated and difficult family planning problems like teen pregnancies looked naive four years ago; their continued application in light of ongoing research looks ridiculous. Most parents certainly agree with President Bush that teen sex is a bad idea.
"Women find the experience of being denied a prescription humiliating and demoralizing." Three pharmacists were fired as a result of that incident. "I entrust my care to my physician, not my pharmacist," Lacey said. I just want to know where they are going to draw the line." The Texas Alliance for Life supports the legislation, said Joe Pojman, executiv director.
Providing women with easy access to the emergency contraceptive Plan B did not lead them to engage in more risky sexual behavior, a study of more than 2,000 young California women has concluded. The findings led the study authors to conclude that easy access to Plan B, also called the morning-after pill, could cut the number of unwanted pregnancies while posing no apparent risk to women.
They rejected the offer. Three representatives of Concerned Women for America, which opposes easier access to Plan B, were also present. Nine women protesting the Food and Drug Administration's position on the emergency contraceptive Plan B were arrested Friday when they blocked entry to the agency's Rockville, Md., headquarters. The women, part of a noisy protest in favor of making the morning-after pill available without a prescription, were taken away by officers of the Department of Homeland Security and charged with disorderly conduct.
If over-the-counter sales are permitted, older teenagers or adults might buy the pills for some of their younger friends or their sexual partners, critics say. "What we're concerned about is a number of young people who are not engaged in sexual activity who feel tremendous pressure, and this will only add to the pressure that is on them," Wright said. Women with easy access were more likely to use Plan B, leading researchers to conclude that easy access could prevent unwanted pregnancies.
This editorial appeared in Friday's Los Angeles Times: If President Bush and his allies in Congress are successful, the future could look much like that past. Whatever the impetus, the emerging results are astonishing. As part of abstinence-only sex education, which the president champions and taxpayers now fund to the tune of $170 million annually, U.S. teens are being taught a bunch of hooey.
But the State Board of Education's backward move to prevent sex education regarding condoms and other contraceptives from reaching Texas classrooms runs counter to most parents' sentiments. Over the years, I have met very few women who didn't regret their abortions. But I haven't talked to a single woman who regretted having the child she had considered aborting. That's why U.S. Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's recent candor on abortion--that it should be rare, but legal--was welcome.
Nearly one-third of sexually active Portuguese girls between the ages of 15 and 19 have taken the "morning-after" pill to prevent pregnancy, according to a study published Thursday in the daily Publico. The study, one of the largest ever carried out into the contraceptive habits of Portuguese women, also found 16 percent of all sexually active girls in this age group do not use any form of birth control at all, the paper said. Staunchly Roman Catholic Portugal has one of the highest teen pregnancy rates in the European Union.
Spain has provided a US $54.4 million (euro43.4 million) long-term loan to fund a solar power project for remote villages in the central and southern Philippines, officials said Friday. The four-year project, which began in 2003, will initially cover communities that have benefited from the government's agrarian reform program in 16 provinces on the main southern island of Mindanao, acting Land Reform Secretary Nasser Pangandaman said.
But government help, combined with the recent climb in energy prices, has made solar more appealing. Besides being microbes in an industry dominated by giants, none of the four independents were profitable last year. Executives at Cypress Semiconductor in Sunnyvale, Calif., declined to be interviewed because of an impending stock offering. Spire, in Bedford, Mass., produces neither silicon wafers nor solar cells. The company started in 1969; early on, it concentrated on solar-power conversion.
Portugal, one of the most oil-dependent nations in Europe, will begin work on the world's biggest solar energy power station next year, officials said Tuesday. "The construction of the station will begin in 2006, it is irreversible," Moura mayor Jose Maria Pos-de-Mina was quoted as saying by Lusa news agency. The plant is expected to be completed in 2009 and will have a total cost of 250 million euros (307 million dollars).
Second, while both packs operate with an internal lithium-ion battery, each battery option is slightly different. The solar backpack. It sounds ungainly, but two companies have made a go of it. Both can charge your GPS unit and other gadgets while you hike, bike or sit using an internal battery, and both can charge direct from the solar cells in daylight. The same items in the Voltaic are fixed.
Speaking in an interview with CNA, Motech Industries Inc. President Leo Cheng said he urged the government to invest more in solar energy research when his company began investing in the field seven years ago. In 1998, Motech received permission to set up its Solar Electricity Division (Motech Solar) in the South Taiwan Science Park. Motech Solar has also started a pilot production line for wafer slicing to reduce cost and increase the supply of silicon wafers, Cheng said.
A team from Holland, known more for its windmills than its sunshine, on Wednesday won a four-day international solar-powered car race across Australia's deserts, notching up their third straight victory. High-tech cars from Australia, the United States and Japan were hot on its heels as the sliver-shaped, space-age Nuna 3 arrived in the southern city of Adelaide after the 3,000 kilometre (1,860 mile) race, organiser Chris Selwood told AFP.
He said over the course of time different companies gave different incentives to get markets moving, and that these incentives changed, upsetting the industry. Jeremy Bentham told the World Petroleum Congress in Johannesburg: "The solar industry needs stable markets. Reasons for countries to shift to renewable sources of energy included the need to preserve energy independence as well as the increase of air pollution in cities. Turbines in the Thames estuary were providing electricity to a quarter of homes in the greater London area.
People taking the tour said they were concerned about rising energy bills and wanted to see how much money they could save by going solar. "If the break-even point for solar systems is 12-13 years in today's dollars, imagine what it's going to be in the future if the price of oil keeps going up."
Lower prices for solar equipment, higher efficiency and tax and rebate incentives from government and utility companies have caused more Long Islanders to look to lower their energy costs with solar power. The first Saturday in October was clear, dry and drenched in bright sunlight--ideal for the solar panels converting light to electricity at Harry Kubetz and Gary Burton's home in Northport, N.Y. "Today is a peak power day," Burton said, looking up at a rooftop covered with 80 solar panels.
Solar panels are already used to provide a portion of train power in Japan. He said the number of accidents had dropped by half in the last eight years. Italy has unveiled Europe's first solar-power train, according to Italian News Agency ANSA on Thursday. The solar panels on the train's roof do not drive it but provide energy for its air conditioning, illumination and safety systems. Italian Environment Minister Altero Matteoli said the first ten prototypes would pave the way for "significant" developments in the future.
For Joan Humphrey Lefkow, the nightmare began shortly after her 2000 appointment as a federal judge, when an Oregon group's lawsuit to block white supremacists from using a name it had trademarked, World Church of the Creator, landed in her lap. He spent every Sunday at St. Luke's in Evanston, flirting with the elderly women in the pews, and since 1992 had been a lay member of the governing committee of the Chicago Diocese of the Episcopal Church.
White supremacists clashed with an angry crowd outside Faneuil Hall, where Holocaust survivors and their families were commemorating the liberation of Nazi concentration camps. Two people were arrested during Sunday's confrontation, officer John Boyle said. Sunday was the 60th anniversary of the end of the Allied victory over Nazi Germany. Inside the historic meeting house, Holocaust survivors, their children and grandchildren lit white candles to commemorate the estimated 6 million Jews killed by the Nazis.
Aryan Wear's signature product, however, is a high-laced boot with swastikas carved in the sole, allowing its wearer to leave an impression of the Nazi symbol on soft ground. There are three "primary" owners, in Houston, Florida and New Jersey, and the new owners want to remain "silent partners," Reid said. Local officials are not impressed.
A city council candidate dropped out of the race Friday after it was disclosed that he posted comments to a white supremacist Internet bulletin board more than 4,000 times. Doug Hanks said the postings were fictional and designed to win white supremacists' trust as he researched a novel he was writing. He said the book was also meant to appeal to white supremacists. "I needed information for the book and some other writings I was doing," Hanks told The Associated Press on Friday.
While the promise of this weekend's mass demonstrations have a few jittery, area law enforcement and activists are planning to defuse confrontations that could turn a verbal showdown into a physical brawl. However, the potential appearance of white supremacists and the planned Sunday visit of activist and former presidential candidate Rev. Al Sharpton should help foster the media circus that has been growing on the Texas prairie near the Western White House.
"My understanding is that the KKK doesn't even ban members by race," Rep. Stacey Campfield, a lawmaker from Knoxville, told The Associated Press, adding that the KKK "has less racist bylaws" than the black lawmakers' group. He had earlier said he wanted to join the group to find out how it spends its money. There are 18 black state lawmakers in Tennessee and Campfield's request was deemed to have been made from a "strange guy" who was simply interested in stirring up trouble.
Forget about Bennett's absurd crime cure--a proposal he acknowledged would be morally wrong--and just look at the most recent analysis of abortion data, released in July by the Alan Guttmacher Institute. Jules P. Harrell, a professor and acting chairman of Howard's Department of Psychology, said African-Americans need to "cultivate a new sense of body," one rooted in health and self-respect and not in popular culture, such as rap music videos. Bennett?
Bob White, leader of the movement, said police forced his group to disband after the protestors gathered around them and began to throw stones. Rioting erupted Saturday in an impoverished neighborhood of Toledo, Ohio after hundreds of counter-protestors broke up a planned march by a neo-Nazi group, Toledo police confirmed. "We were protesting black racial violence against white people in that neighborhood," said White. "That neighborhood has never been known for racial tensions," city councilman Robert McCloskey told Fox.
A crowd protesting a white supremacists' march turned violent, throwing baseball-sized rocks at police, vandalizing vehicles and stores, and setting fire to a neighborhood bar, authorities said. Ford blamed the rioting on gangs taking advantage of a volatile situation. Several officers and firefighters suffered minor injuries, Navarre said. They were mostly "gang members who had real or imagined grievances and took it as an opportunity to speak in their own way," Ford said. Then they overturned it.
In the days leading up to a white supremacist march, ministers pleaded with residents in the predominantly black neighborhood to stay calm and community leaders organized peace rallies. It wasn't enough to stop an angry mob that included gang members from looting and burning a neighborhood bar, smashing the windows of a gas station and hurling rocks and bottles at police on Saturday. Twelve officers were injured, one suffering a concussion when a brick flew through her cruiser window.
A 4,000-page draft environmental impact study by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was completed last month after a nearly three-year process. A company called Winergy LLC applied for an offshore wind farm permit from the Norfolk District of the Army Corps of Engineers, but that application has been withdrawn. An amendment to the 2005 defense authorization bill currently before Congress could immediately halt the development of offshore wind-power facilities in the United States, including a controversial project planned for coastal Massachusetts, environmental groups and developers said this week.
Wind turbines have been hailed as an environmentally friendly way to reduce the world's dependence on fossil fuels. But a wind farm with hundreds or even thousands of large turbines removes an enormous amount of energy from the air. Their conclusion, reported in The Journal of Geophysical Research, is that thousands of turbines concentrated in one area can affect local weather.
Taiwan Power Co. (Taipower) will invest more than NT $10 billion in developing wind power generation in the next 10 years, a company spokesman said Sunday. The 10-year development plan is part of the state-owed firm's efforts to substantiate the government's eco-friendly "green power generation" policy.
The 454-megawatt project would provide a source of pollution-free, renewable power that could displace fossil fuel sources in the region. The report on Cape Wind's 130-turbine proposal finds few costs to marine or bird life that might outweigh the project's benefits to both the environment and the economy. Unless the United States and the rest of the world get serious about global warming and sea-level increases, the Cape town of Orleans could be "under the waves" by 2100, according to Philip Warburg, president of the Conservation Law Foundation.
If the Army Corps sticks to the 60-day public comment period, the agency is likely to issue a decision next year. Army Corps officials said Monday they would consider written requests to extend the comment period, but had already added 15 days to the minimum required time of 45 days. The $13 million draft environmental impact report was paid for by Cape Wind. The idea they would be biased to any particular energy source is ridiculous," said spokeswoman Samantha Guerry.
Birds will fly into the towers and die, the statement says, but probably at a rate of only about one a day, not enough "to cause bird population declines." The argument over the proposal intensified last week, when the Army Corps of Engineers issued a draft environmental impact statement finding few flaws in the proposal. But instead of helping to settle the question, the report fed the debate over building there and where--or whether--other wind farms should be built in the nation's coastal waters.
The new law, called Amendment 37, makes Colorado the 18th state with an environmentally friendly energy standard, but the first one to have bypassed the Legislature and put the rule into place through referendum. Under the program, about 2 percent of the city's customer base and electricity load now comes from wind power, purchased from wind farms in Wyoming through a nonprofit power authority.
Houston-area electricity customers can pay as little as 9.6 cents per kilowatt-hour, a rate offered by Houston-based Gexa Energy. Other companies, like Starlight Electric and Cirro Energy, also offer rates below the price Reliant charges. The Green Mountain plan, a 10 percent wind- and 90 percent water-generated mix, is about $9 per month less expensive than the 100 percent wind plan Austin-based Green Mountain currently offers, based on the use by a typical customer.
They are sons of Richard Egan, founder and chairman emeritus of EMC Corp. "We believe the aesthetics are equally as valuable here. "We cannot trash this extraordinary resource," Romney said, referring to Nantucket Sound. " I've seen wind farms, and they are not pretty." But Cape Wind Associates, the developer behind the proposal, is fighting the wealthy and well-connected, including Senator Edward M. Kennedy and other Kennedy kin along with some average Cape residents.
Cesar del Campo, director of a consortium involved in the wind park plans, said the site is difficult because of the water depth and the speed of the currents, but that the energy yield would be high. "This is where the tuna pass and this is where we work," said Manuel Ponce Alva, leader of fishermen's protest movement, waving a marine map covered with ominous red arrows. Indications are that this may double by 2010.
As stormy weather continued to pound Southern California on Saturday, about 170 people were freed from cars near Big Bear where they had been trapped for up to 15 hours in deep snow, several of the state's major arteries were closed and rescue workers pulled two people from raging streams. Serious concerns remained about how the water-logged region would hold up with storms expected to continue at least through Sunday evening. Although there appeared to be no major flooding or mudslides, the day was not without drama.
"It's stationary off the coast and constantly pumps in moist water from the south," he said. On Laurel Canyon Boulevard, three people were safe after their 5,000-square-foot house collapsed, apparently the result of a mudslide. Firefighters rescued the man's 10-year-son. No one was injured, though one house was damaged.
"We drove up to look around, then saw a mudslide and I said, We better get out of here," Brynjegard said. Flooding was reported at Bouquet Canyon Road and Vasquez Canyon Road, causing a road closure. "We should see clear to partly cloudy skies from Tuesday all the way out to Saturday."
Usually sunny southern California has been whipped the past few days by storms that have killed at least two and caused floods, mudslides, power blackouts and deadly traffic accidents. Hundreds of cars were stranded in the snow in San Bernardino National Forest, east of Los Angeles. About 12,000 Los Angeles residents were without power, officials said. The victims "were sleeping in a tent at the top of the hill when the hill gave way," Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman Brian Humphrey said.
Where roads were open, sizable delays of more than an hour were reported in many areas. Super-saturated land tumbled down a mountain Monday in the coastal community of La Conchita, Calif., killing at least one person and injuring many more, fire officials said. "We have one dead and numerous injuries," said Myrna Raya, fire information officer for the Ventura County Fire Department. Rescuers were searching through the mud for survivors, she said.
A spokesman for the Ventura County Fire Department, Joe L. Luna, said that nine people had been recovered from the wreckage of their homes and that seven of them had been taken to a hospital to be treated for injuries. A helicopter took a 62-year-old man to a hospital, where he was listed in critical condition. The bluffs, saturated by Pacific-borne storms that began on Friday, were known to be unstable, and Ventura County fire officials asked residents on Monday morning to leave voluntarily.
The disaster was the latest problem caused by the rain and snow that have battered California since Dec. 25. Downtown Los Angeles has had more than 15 inches of rain since Jan. 1, more than its average rainfall for an entire year, including 2.6 inches on Sunday, a record, the National Weather Service said. "We've lost a few friends." About 200 complied, boarding government-provided buses, Myra Raya, a spokeswoman for the Fire Department, said.
He was yelling, 'I have to get my kids! Rescuers pulled three more bodies from the mud on Tuesday, bringing the official death count to six. Conrad Quintana of the county fire department said. "A part of an arm. A cough. Someone crying. "He ran up there and started digging with his hands. Bob Roper, the Ventura County fire chief, said Tuesday afternoon that monitoring equipment was still picking up faint sounds of life from the debris pile, raising the possibility of survivors.
The New York Times said in an editorial for Wednesday, Jan. 12: Here we are, three weeks into winter, and the season has delivered almost every kind of weather it has to deliver: waterspouts off Ventura, Calif., ice storms in the central Plains, glacial fog in the Texas Panhandle, profound depths of snow in the Sierra Nevada, flooding in the Ohio Valley and an all too familiar mix of ice, snow and rain in the Northeast.
Citing mudslides and washed-out tracks and bridges, Union Pacific closed four of its five main rail lines out of the Los Angeles Basin. That brought the railroad's freight traffic in the region to a near standstill. "We have been told that the route from Los Angeles to Chicago has effectively been closed," said Scott Dailey, a spokesman for APL, a leading shipper of intermodal cargo containers and a unit of Neptune Orient Lines of Singapore.
"The President may deploy military force preemptively against terrorist organizations or the states that harbor or support them, whether or not they can be linked to the specific terrorist incidents of Sept. 11," the memo reads, according to Newsweek. The memo was aimed at granting Bush authority to attack groups such as the Abu Sayef rebels in the Philippines or the militant Shiite Muslim group Hezbollah, Berenson told the magazine. The presidents decisions to use force "are for him alone and are unreviewable," the memo reads.
Some discussed it in an attempt to clear up what they viewed as a murky record in advance of Gonzales' confirmation hearing. These officials said the memo raised questions about whether the Office of Legal Counsel had maintained its longstanding tradition of dispensing objective legal advice to its clients in executive branch agencies. Comey, the officials said, told lawyers to complete the revised opinion before the end of the year.
960 words, by Jonathan Sacks (Times special) (k). TIMES EDITORIAL, upcoming; POST EDITORIAL, moved (both k). The following commentaries and editorials are also listed on the main newsfeature budget that moved Thursday to the general advisory category. The editor is Carlos Selva in Los Angeles at (213) 237-7832.
In his prepared Senate testimony, Gonzales was repeating the contention that terrorists are not soldiers and thus are not covered by the conventions. In testimony prepared for his hearing, Gonzales said Bush has made clear that the government will defend Americans from terrorists "in a manner consistent with our nation's values and applicable law, including our treaty obligations." Freshman Sen. Ken Salazar of Colorado, who is Hispanic, was expected to join Sen. John Cornyn, a Republican from Texas, in introducing Gonzales at the hearing.
Besides, Ho and Yoo have both left the department. There's little or no chance they'll get any of them. Who was that good-looking guy sitting behind Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, during Gonzales's hearing on Thursday? It's James Ho, now Cornyn's chief counsel on the Constitution subcommittee. Senate Judiciary Democrats and liberal allies have been hoping for months to get their mitts on internal administration documents relating to torture and prison abuses--some of them involving attorney general nominee Alberto Gonzales.
"What the administration is saying is we're not going to torture people," said John C. Yoo, a University of California, Berkeley law professor who as a deputy assistant attorney general during Bush's first term worked on torture policies. "Nobody condones or excuses what happened at Abu Ghraib," Rice said. In the months since the Abu Ghraib prison scandal, the administration has insisted that America does not and will not use torture.
NATIONS-COMMENT--President Truman understood from the start what the Bush administration today seems unwilling to concede: that the benefits of international cooperation are well worth the cost. GENEVA-COMMENT--To pretend that the Geneva Conventions apply to al-Qaida, a non-state actor that targets civilians and disregards other laws of war, denies the reality of dramatic changes in the international system. LANGUAGE-COMMENT--Otherwise intelligent people are shunning the virtues of a straightforward sentence or an elegant construction, or even just a grammatically comprehensible one.
The New York Times said in an editorial for Saturday, Feb. 19: Of all the claims of an electoral mandate made by President Bush's supporters, none were as bizarre as the one offered by John Yoo, a former Justice Department lawyer who helped draft the cynical justifications for the illegal detention and torture of "unlawful combatants." "The debate is over," Yoo told The New Yorker, adding: "The issue is dying out. The public has had its referendum."
Upcoming. Upcoming. Upcoming. Upcoming. The following commentaries and editorials are also listed on the main newsfeature budget that moved Wednesday to the general advisory category. The editor is Carlos Selva in Los Angeles at (213) 237-7832. Category codes of stories are in parentheses. NATIONS-COMMENT--In hearings last week, John Bolton, President Bush's nominee to be U.S.
"John is a mensch." "A lot of the concern is that people think he's dead wrong," said Ralph Steinhardt, professor of law and international affairs at George Washington University. A year after the abuses at Abu Ghraib came to light, nearly a year after the torture memos were leaked, debate over how the U.S. government should treat its prisoners shows no sign of abating. "It would surprise me very much that it would go away."
International air service was suspended, phone and Internet connections were cut and the army was reported to be patrolling streets in the capital of Katmandu. The leader of Nepal, King Gyanendra, unexpectedly dissolved the government and claimed absolute power Tuesday, justifying the moves as necessary to restore peace and democracy in the face of a Maoist insurgency that has spread to nearly every corner of the picturesque Himalayan nation. Political opponents described the action as a coup.
China respects the choice of Nepalese in developing their own country and sincerely wishes the nation to realize social security, economic development and ethnic pacification, Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan told a regular press conference here Tuesday. He made this remark when asked to comment on Nepal's King Gyanendra's Tuesday announcement of dissolving the coalition government led by Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba and forming a new government under his own "chairmanship".
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Tuesday expressed deep concern over events in Nepal and urged a return to democracy, after King Gyanendra dismissed the country's coalition government and imposed an indefinite state of emergency.
It was the second time in three years that the king has taken control of the tiny South Asian constitutional monarchy, a throwback to the era of absolute power enjoyed by Nepal's monarchs before King Birendra, Gyanendra's elder brother, introduced democracy in 1990. The British government expressed grave concerns Tuesday about political developments in Nepal, after the king dismissed the prime minister and declared a state of emergency. Foreign Office Minister Douglas Alexander summoned the Nepalese ambassador in London and conveyed Britain's concern at King Gyanendra's actions.
The United States said Tuesday it was "deeply troubled" by an apparent setback to democracy in Nepal, where King Gyanendra has dismissed the government and imposed a state of emergency.
Traffic was moving normally in the crowded capital and most shops were open, according to news reports. In announcing his decision on Tuesday, Gyanendra said he was dissolving the government and firing the prime minister--for the second time in three years--because the government had failed in its duty to hold parliamentary elections and curb the Maoist insurgency, in which about 10,000 people have died. In addition to dissolving the government, Gyanendra suspended a number of key civil liberties, including freedom of the press.
The European Union on Wednesday joined international condemnation of Nepalese King Gyanendra's dismissal of his government and swearing in of a new cabinet dominated by royalists. "This represents a serious setback to multiparty democracy. The EU said this was not good enough. The EU's Luxembourg presidency called for a "speedy" return to multi-party democracy. "The EU is deeply concerned about the dissolution of the multiparty government in Nepal and the decision by the king to assume executive powers," it said in a statement.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Thursday had a telephonic conversation with King Gyanendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev of Nepal, a Foreign Office spokesman said. Matters relating to the holding of the 13th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) Summit as well as Pakistan-Nepal relations were discussed, the spokesman said in a press release issued here on Thursday. Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is the current chairman of SAARC. The prime minister conveyed to King Gyanendra that recent developments in Nepal were its internal matter, the spokesman said.
Japan, the top donor to aid-dependent Nepal, on Thursday voiced concern at King Gyanendra's power grab and urged him to restore democracy and release any detained political leaders. Joining a chorus of international condemnation over the king's sacking of the government, Japan said it hoped "Nepal will recover its peace and stability as soon as possible on the basis of democracy and constitutional monarchy."
"They steal the name...(of) China's great leader, Mao Zedong. Beijing said Gyanendra's move to dismiss the government and impose a state of emergency in Nepal last Tuesday was an "internal matter." China's reaction, coupled with a recent move by Gyanendra to close the Nepal office of the Tibetan spiritual leader-in-exile, the Dalai Lama _ whom Beijing despises and labels a dangerous separatist _ has prompted speculation among Indian analysts that the king wants to enlist China's support in fighting the Maoist rebels.
But he said the pact's key goal _ a joint Catholic-Protestant administration _ would be revived only "in the context of a complete end to IRA paramilitarism and criminality and the putting beyond use of their weapons." The major Protestant party, the Democratic Unionists, refuses to cooperate with Sinn Fein, the IRA-linked party that represents most Catholics, citing the IRA's continued underground activities.
The IRA's alleged misdeeds were highlighted by a massive bank raid in Belfast in December, blamed by police on the group, as well as the murder of Robert McCartney, a Belfast man beaten and stabbed to death in a bar in what his relatives say was an attack carried out by IRA activists. Britain expects an "imminent" statement from the IRA as to whether the Northern Irish paramilitary group is to agree to an appeal from its political wing to abandon violence, a government minister said Monday.
Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern admitted on Tuesday that he had held a series of private one-on-one meetings on the Northern Ireland peace process with Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams, but denied they had been secret in any way. Answering questions in parliament, Ahern told MPs that the meetings with Adams, whose party is the political wing of the IRA, Northern Ireland's main Catholic paramilitary group, had merely been to maintain dialogue. He said there had been "possibly three or four meetings" with Adams since March.
In an unusual show of agreement, Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern and the Rev. Both emphasized that the IRA must demonstrate its voluntary demise in concrete ways. "To move forward, we need a clear, unambiguous end of all paramilitary and criminal activity and we need to see the completion of (weapons) decommissioning," Ahern said. But he stressed, "It is not just words, it is deeds.
A Roman Catholic priest appealed Saturday to the Irish Republican Army to reveal the burial spots of more than a dozen people whose bodies have never been found. The Rev. Sean Dooley made his plea at the funeral of Gareth O'Connor, 24, an IRA dissident who disappeared in May 2003. Last weekend, police divers found his body still inside his car in a canal in Newry, 40 miles (65 kilometers) south of Belfast.
Any public pledge by the Irish Republican Army to cease all activities, including crime, should be weighed over time to test whether it's genuine, the British governor of Northern Ireland said Tuesday. Northern Ireland Secretary Peter Hain said the government was soon expecting the IRA to issue a new peace declaration that would address a long-standing demand for the outlawed group to disarm fully and disband. He said until the IRA did this, Protestant leaders would refuse to share power with Sinn Fein, the IRA-linked party that represents most Catholics.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern were to chair the first major review of the Northern Ireland situation since the British general election in May at a meeting in London later Monday. The talks, which will include senior ministers from both sides, were being held under the auspices of the British-Irish Intergovernmental Conference (BIIGC) which was set up under the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met Wednesday with British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Peter Hain and reaffirmed support for the implementation of the Good Friday accords. The 1998 Good Friday peace deal largely ended three decades of intercommunity violence in Northern Ireland and established a power-sharing executive and assembly.
He said it would also put "enormous pressure" on Northern Ireland's largest party, the hardline Democratic Unionist Party led by Ian Paisley, "to come on board the peace process" for the first time. "There is no alternative to sharing power with Irish republicans; there is no alterative to the all-Ireland architecture and the equality agenda of the Good Friday Agreement," McGuinness said.
Three senior Sinn Fein leaders, including party president Gerry Adams, have stepped down from their posts on the ruling body of the party's Irish Republican Army military wing according to the Irish Independent newspaper on Saturday. The newspaper said Adams, chief negotiator Martin McGuinness and convicted gun-runner Martin Ferris who is an lawmaker in the Irish Republic's parliament have all resigned from the seven-man army council of the Catholic IRA paramilitary group.
Sri Lanka's top Tamil Tiger rebel group on Friday began a week-long meeting in Switzerland which is meant to prepare for the next round of peace talks with the Sri Lankan government, the Swiss foreign ministry said. The Swiss foreign ministry said in a statement that it "welcomes the LTTE's continuing willingness to negotiate, and calls for peace talks to be resumed as soon as possible".
Internecine clashes between Sri Lankan Tamil Tiger rebels' rival factions continued in the east and one of the members of the mainstream rebel group has been killed, defense officials said on Thursday. Dharmalingam Thyagalingam, a 37-year-old loyalist of the mainstream Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) faction was killed Wednesday night at Welikanda area in the east by members loyal to the renegade rebel eastern commander known as Karuna. His killing came after Tuesday's killings of two Muslims by mainstream rebel members for supporting Karuna.
Sri Lanka's elite police commandos Saturday shot dead a renegade Tamil rebel who killed a regional commander from the main guerrilla group, an official said. The man killed by the commandos belonged to the breakaway faction of renegade commander V. Muralitharan, better known as Karuna, who went underground in April after leading an unprecedented split in March.
Mangala Samaraweera, the Minister of Information and Ports, said "counter proposals are ready and waiting," adding that the government was looking forward to the revival of direct negotiations with Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels. Sri Lankan government has finalised a set of counter proposals to the Interim Self Governing Authority (ISGA) proposal put forward by the Tamil Tiger rebles, the government spokesman said here Thursday.
The group of rebels of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Tiger rebels (LTTE) were release under the orders of the country's Court of Appeal on cash bail, 50,000 rupees (about 485 US dollars) for each and with two sureties, each signing a bond for the same amount. The LTTE rebels have been observing a Norwegian-brokered ceasefire since February 2002 when the two sides entered a truce agreement.
Two more killings took place in Sri Lanka's eastern area on Thursday night amid continuous internecine clashes between Tamil Tiger rebel rival factions, police said Friday. Two members belonging to the mainstream Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels were killed in a shooting incident that happened late Thursday night at the eastern Batticaloa district's Punkudawali area controlled by the LTTE rebels. The LTTE's renegade eastern commander known as Karuna was suspected for the killings, police said.
Sri Lankan Tamil rebels have said that they will release two homeguards held captive by them on Monday at the earliest possible date after they were produced before a rebel court in Sampur in the east of the country, the official Daily News said on Saturday. Hagrup Haukland, deputy chief of the Sri Lanka Monitoring Mission overseeing the ongoing ceasefire between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels, said that the rebels had convey this message to them after consultation with their political wing leader S.P.
Akashi, who is due to be here on Oct. 27, will hold talks with high ranking officials of both the government and the opposition in capital Colombo and the leadership of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels in the rebel-held northern town of Kilinochchi. He is expected to raise the issues of LTTE's recruitment of child soldiers and political killings in the north and east as well as in Colombo when he meets the LTTE leadership.
Sri Lankan Tamil Tiger rebels on Tuesday denied their killing of a Swiss national in the eastern Batticaloa town and accused a media report of discrediting the rebel group by concocting the story. The rebels said that Acting Head of the Sri Lanka Monitoring Mission Hagrup Haukland has informed them that the preliminary investigation conducted by the truce monitors indicated that "this is an individual criminal act which has no connection whatsoever with the LTTE."
Japan's special envoy Yasushi Akashi arrived here on Wednesday to start a seven-day visit to push for an early resumption of peace talks between the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil Tiger rebels, governmental sources said. Akashi will stay in the country until Nov. 2 to persuade the Sri Lankan government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to resume peace talks as soon as possible. Peace talks between the government and the LTTE rebels have been deadlocked since April last year after six previous rounds which started in September 2002.
Socialist leader Fukushima, who is also a well-known human rights lawyer, is scheduled to meet the Icelandic ambassador on Thursday. Chess legend Bobby Fischer, who faces prison if he returns to the United States, can only avoid deportation from Japan if Iceland upgrades its granting of residency to full citizenship, a Japanese lawmaker said Wednesday. Fukushima met Masaharu Miura, chief of the justice ministry's immigration bureau, who had told parliament Tuesday that the chess genius could only be deported to his country of origin--the United States.
Chess genius Bobby Fischer, now in a Japanese detention cell awaiting deportation to the United States, will be allowed to leave Japan for Iceland if that country grants him citizenship, an opposition party leader said Wednesday. Mizuho Fukushima, head of the Social Democratic Party, said senior immigration officials told her that Fischer could go to Iceland instead of the United States if he is given citizenship there. Iceland recently issued Fischer a special passport and residence permit to help resolve the standoff over his status.
Several Icelandic politicians indicated Wednesday that parliament was now likely to grant Fischer citizenship. Lawmakers in Iceland are likely to grant citizenship to mercurial chess genius Bobby Fischer, a member of a parliamentary committee studying the issue said Wednesday. Legislator Gudrun Ogmundsdottir told The Associated Press that a citizenship motion would probably be approved by the nine-member committee on Thursday. If it passes, it will go before Iceland's 63-member parliament, the Althingi.
Legislator Gudrun Ogmundsdottir had said the citizenship motion would probably be passed by the nine-member committee Thursday, then be placed before Iceland's 63-member parliament, the Althingi. But during Thursday's meeting the committee said it was awaiting more documents from Japan to be sure he would be let go if given citizenship in Iceland. Since being taken into custody in July for allegedly trying to leave Japan on a revoked U.S. passport, Fischer has lived up to his reputation for unpredictability.
There is widespread support for Fischer in Iceland, where he played the Soviet Union's Boris Spassky in a world championship match in 1972. A parliamentary committee voted Friday to grant citizenship to fugitive U.S. chess star Bobby Fischer, putting the issue up for a vote by all legislators. "The matter has been finished," said Gudrun Oegmundsdpttir, a member the General Committee. "It will now go before the parliament on Monday for the vote."
"The matter has been finished," Gudrun Oegmundsdottir, a member the General Committee, said after Friday's vote. "It will now go before the parliament on Monday for the vote." "This is great news," said Fischer supporter Saemundur Palsson. "They had been waiting on confirmation from Japan that Fischer would be let go if he had Icelandic citizenship. This arrived to me this morning."
He was accused of trying to leave the country without a valid passport. It is partly for that reason, said Bjarni Benediktsson, chairman of the parliamentary committee, who last week recommended that Fischer be granted Icelandic citizenship, that the full parliament voted in favor of his request on Monday. Benediktsson emphasized that the granting of citizenship was considered only as a last resort, "after the applicant had exhausted all other possibilities" of gaining freedom.
Iceland's Parliament voted Monday to grant Icelandic citizenship to the American chess star Bobby Fischer, laying the groundwork, his supporters said, for his release from the Japanese prison where he has been held since last summer. "We are most happy," said Einar Einarsson, a spokesman for a committee that has been trying to free Fischer from Japan, where he is being detained while he fights deportation to the United States.
Chess legend Bobby Fischer was on Monday granted citizenship by the parliament of Iceland, a move which could allow him to avoid deportation from Japan to the United States where he is wanted for violating sanctions against the former Yugoslavia. "It is done. Fischer, 62, who is in detention in Japan, faces prison if he returns to the United States. Iceland had previously sent Fischer a passport which showed residency status but not full nationality, a document not deemed sufficient to save him from deportation to the United States.
Iceland's parliament voted Monday to grant citizenship to fugitive U.S. chess star Bobby Fischer. The legislation, passed with 40 lawmakers voting "aye" and two abstaining following a brief debate, became law immediately. "I am very pleased with this, and I think that the dignity of the parliament has increased," Fischer's supporter Saemundur Palsson said. There is widespread support for Fischer in Iceland, where he played the Soviet Union's Boris Spassky in a world championship match in 1972.
This is Bush's lowest approval rating on Iraq and the first time that it has dropped below 40 percent in the Newsweek Poll, the magazine said. "I didn't change my mind at all," she said. "They said the president really believed that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," Sheehan added. Hadley and Hagin said they would relay her sentiments to the president, according to Sheehan.
The mother, Cindy Sheehan, who has made regular public appearances in opposition to the war, was accompanied by several dozen chanting anti-war activists, including other parents who had lost children to the war, as she walked down a country road toward Bush's ranch. The mother of an American soldier killed in Iraq led a protest march on President Bush's ranch here on Saturday, prompting the White House to send two senior officials to meet her after she was blocked by the authorities from approaching Bush's home.
She said Hagin told her, "I want to assure you that he (Bush) really does care." She said she decided to come to Crawford a few days ago after Bush said that fallen U.S. troops had died for a noble cause and that the mission must be completed. The angry mother of a fallen U.S. soldier has met with advisers of President George W. Bush after staging a protest near his ranch to demand an accounting of how the president has conducted the war in Iraq.
"I firmly believe, and I would echo my son's feeling on this, it is very, very important for our country to remain steadfast and complete the mission that they set out to accomplish," Boskovitch told ABC on Sunday. Jim Boskovitch, father of slain Cpl. Jeffery Boskovitch, 25, of Ohio, is supporting the U.S. military action in Iraq. Boskovitch is among several families mourning Ohio Marines who suffered heavy losses in three attacks starting July 28, when two were killed in a gun battle.
The 48-year old mother of Army Spc. She came away from that meeting dissatisfied and angry. None of that stopped her. But then Cindy Sheehan hit town. By Wednesday afternoon, "Cindy Sheehan" was the top-ranked search term on Technorati.com, the search engine for blog postings. By Wednesday night, Sheehan had given so many interviews that she was sucking on lozenges to soothe an inflamed throat. Her media adviser, newly arrived from San Francisco, said Sheehan had developed a fever.
Sheehan, who has been demanding an audience with the president, told the bloggers that she has felt intimidated by the Secret Service, has been awakened in the middle of the night by thunderstorms and has a sore throat. Trippi, who managed Howard Dean's presidential campaign, urged the bloggers to write about her protest on their individual sites.
Kenneth Vanek of the McLennan County Sheriff's Office. Dozens of people have joined her and others have sent flowers and food. Cindy Sheehan, 48, of Vacaville, California, says she was surprised at the response. "Before my son was killed, I used to think that one person could not make a difference," she said Wednesday under a tent where she has slept since Saturday.
Sheehan met Bush two months later, as part of a group of grieving military family members. As a roadside anti-war vigil initiated by a California woman who lost a son in Iraq continued near his ranch Thursday, President Bush said that he sympathizes with her loss but that agreeing to her demand to immediately withdraw troops "would be a mistake for the security of this country."
Vice President Dick Cheney and top-rung advisers, including Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, were coming for the serious talks about issues ranging from ongoing violence in Iraq and standoffs with Iran and North Korea over their nuclear programs to anti-American sentiment abroad, especially in the Middle East. Bush's update on defense and foreign policy issues comes at a time when his approval ratings are hovering below 50 percent.
Casey joined the Army in 2000, never imagining he would see combat. Five days after he arrived in Iraq last year, the 24-year-old was killed in Sadr City. Bush National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and a deputy White House chief of staff talked to Sheehan on Saturday. She said the meeting, which she called "pointless," lasted 20 minutes. The soft-spoken Sheehan, 48, is surprised and touched at the overwhelming response _ most of which is positive, she says.
A granite monument of the Ten Commandments outside the Texas Capitol amounts to an unconstitutional government endorsement of religion, a lawyer favoring a high wall between church and state told the Supreme Court on Wednesday. In the Texas case, a homeless man filed suit challenging the constitutionality of a 6-foot by 3-foot monument in the shape of two tablets, inscribed with the Ten Commandments, two Stars of David and other symbols. In its current version, the Ten Commandments are surrounded by historic American and British political and patriotic documents.
A second case tests whether Kentucky judges went too far when they posted framed copies of the Ten Commandments on the walls of their county courthouse. "This is a sacred and solemn text. "That's what this is about. Those who do not wish to see the Ten Commandments at the Capitol grounds "can avert their eyes." They begin with the words, "I Am the Lord Thy God.
Supreme Court and the California Supreme Court are considering the question of how far prosecutors should be allowed to go in presenting conflicting facts to different juries. (COURT-PROSECUTE, moved.) Cols 2-5: The Supreme Court struggles with the politically charged issue of whether prominent display of the Ten Commandments at government buildings violates separation of church and state.
They said the Supreme Court's use of the image was obviously of a secular nature, to acknowledge one source of law among many, while insisting that the Texas and Kentucky displays went too far. Lawyers with the American Civil Liberties Union and a Texas plaintiff argued that the Ten Commandments presuppose the existence of a God.
Did it matter that the two Kentucky courthouses now seeking to display a framed Ten Commandments surrounded by nine nonreligious historical documents had at first hung unadorned copies of the Commandments and did not add the other documents until after a lawsuit was filed? "Who are you kidding?" "Context matters enormously," Chemerinsky said. The attorney general's argument distressed Scalia. 'Our laws come from God . '
Ten Commandments displays that have stood for decades in and near courthouses and other public buildings across the country have come under frequent attack by people and groups saying they violate the Constitution. An appeals court ordered those Ten Commandments displays removed. He lost at trial and then on appeal and the monument remains. His lawyer, Duke University Law Professor Erwin Chemerinsky, was the first to field questions from the justices.
"I think 90 percent of Americans believe in the Ten Commandments," said Justice Antonin Scalia, "but 85 percent probably couldn't tell you what they are." The Ten Commandments monument on the Texas Capitol grounds should remain because it is a cultural and historical symbol that does not violate the separation of church and state, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott told the U.S. Supreme Court Wednesday.
But he disdained what he portrayed as the caricaturing of his story by journalists. "I don't think I should accept anyone's money to go," he said. "I'm not rude." He was always drawn to constitutional law, he said, and was so enamored of Benjamin Nathan Cardozo, the former Supreme Court justice, that he named his son after him. "He was extremely knowledgeable in the law in this case," Chemerinsky said.
The US Supreme Court on Wednesday was to review the displaying in public spaces of the Ten Commandments, the fundamental moral precepts of Judeo-Christian religions, in a case that could define the extent of separation of church and state in American society. Following challenges to the use of public property for displaying the commandments in Texas and Kentucky, the court will decide under what conditions, if at all, such explicitly religious displays are permitted.
Appearing to endorse the displays--while noting most Americans could not recite the commandments--conservative justice Antonin Scalia called them "the symbol that government derives its authority from God." The US Supreme Court heard arguments Wednesday on the constitutionality of displaying in public spaces the Ten Commandments, in a case on the officially mandated separation of church and state in US society. In the coming weeks, the court is expected to decide under what conditions, if at all, such displays are permitted under the US Constitution.
Israeli officials said they believed the blasts were caused by terrorist bombs. The blast was outside, he said. "When we went out we saw the shops and the internal wall of the hotel had collapsed." We then saw a second explosion not far from the first blast; it was a ball of fire higher on the mountain.
Quickly after the blasts, Shalom asked for Egyptian permission to allow Israelis to pass through the border without checks and to fly rescue workers into the Sinai. Israeli Police said that at least 30 people had been killed in the blast, mostly Israeli tourists. Five people were killed in the twin blasts, and Egyptian television said 43 people were wounded. Many Israelis have visited Egypt over the past month, during the period of Jewish holidays.
Israel will help evacuate any of the 12,000 to 15,000 Israelis who wish to leave Egypt's Sinai Peninsula in the wake of several deadly explosions, an Israeli foreign ministry spokeswoman said Friday. "There is a plan to send buses to help them evacuate, those who want to," said the ministry's Rachel Shani. Hospital officials said at least 29 people were killed, and witnesses gave unconfirmed reports that all three explosions were caused by car bombs.
The power went off," an Israeli witness who gave his name as Eitan, told the radio. Israeli intelligence services have been warning Israeli holidaymakers to keep out of the Sinai desert, where Taba is located. A blast ripped through the Hilton hotel in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Taba on Thursday evening, with medical sources saying at least 100 people had been killed or wounded.
At least 35 people were killed and 125 injured in three explosions targeting tourists in Egypt's Sinai desert region late Thursday, an Egyptian police source said. He was unable to give their nationalities, but another police source told AFP earlier that at least 23 Israelis were among those killed and the Foreign Office in London said two of the wounded were Britons. Egyptian police said two other explosions rocked nearby tourist camps further south in the Sinai peninsula.
An Egyptian police source said the three explosions killed at least 35 people and left another 125 wounded. A suspected car bomb ripped through a hotel on the Red Sea coast of Egypt's Sinai desert late Thursday, one of three explosions targeting tourists that left at least 35 people dead and scores more wounded.
South Sinai governor General Mustafa Afifi said that two vans were found ablaze in two tourist camps south of Taba, which led him to believe the explosions were caused by car bombs. Two explosions in tourist camps in Egypt's Sinai desert which followed a massive blast at a hotel in the resort of Taba late Thursday were probably caused by car bombs, the region's governor said. At least 30 people have been killed and 100 wounded in the three explosions along the Red Sea coast, an area popular with Israeli holidaymakers.
Resorts dotted along the Sinai's desert coast have remained popular holiday spots for Israelis since the territory was handed back to Egypt as part of a 1979 peace deal, the first between Israel and an Arab country. Dichter said the attack had been planned by the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas to coincide with the Jewish new year holidays between September 15 and 18. Hamas had threatened to strike Israeli targets abroad after the killing of a top militant in the Syrian capital of Damascus last month that was blamed on Israel.
Suspected car bombs ripped through a hotel and two beachside tourist sites on the Red Sea coast of Egypt's Sinai desert late Thursday, killing at least 30 people, most of them Israelis. "We know dozens of Israelis have been killed," an Israeli police source said after a massive explosion devastated the Hilton hotel in Taba, a tiny town just across the border from Israel.
But Taba, which in ancient times was once a resting point for caravans en route to the Fort of Aqaba, was excluded from Israel's 1982 handover of the Sinai and was only returned in 1989 after years of wrangling following a ruling by the International Court of Justice. Hamas had threatened to strike Israeli targets abroad after the killing of a top militant in the Syrian capital of Damascus last month that was blamed on Israel.
The exiles began casting votes as a British newspaper reported the United States and Britain have privately agreed on a way of withdrawing their troops from Iraq. The Al-Qaeda Group in the Land of Two Rivers announced Sunday on a website that it had executed Salem Jaafar al-Kanani, "secretary of the traitor Iyad Allawi", and a video would be released at a later time. An Islamist group linked to Al-Qaeda warned it would attack Iraqis involved in the general election even after voting was over.
In Baquba, 60 km northeast of the capital Baghdad, a suicide car bomb hit the headquarters of a provincial government, killing five people. Insurgents killed at least 19 Iraqis and bombed polling stations on Thursday in a fierce campaign to wreck Sunday's general elections. With the election only three days away, violence has been escalating. The flurry of attacks, following a helicopter crash that killed 31 US troops on Wednesday, were concentrated on the heartland of Iraq' minority Sunnis.
Bush said the vote offered an "historic opportunity" for Iraqis to start building a truly democratic society after decades of brutal dictatorship. Campaigning by candidates for Sunday's election officially ended on Friday, as Iraqi expatraites in 14 countries--from the Middle East to Australia to the United States--began voting in a three-day process.
There was only a driver inside the car, his face was masked," a policeman who witnessed the attack told AFP. He was speaking from Baghdad's Yarmuk hospital, where medical sources at the emergency department confirmed the death toll and added that three others policemen and a civilian were also wounded in the attack. Insurgents set off a car bomb and attacked voting stations and security forces in several Iraqi cities Friday, killing at least six people as campaigning for the election wrapped up and voters began casting their ballots abroad.
"He was stopped at the checkpoint and a few seconds later, the explosion went off. We lost three comrades and one civilian was also killed in the blast," said the policeman. An Iraqi policeman was killed and two civilians wounded in a host of attacks on buildings to be used as voting stations around Kirkuk, 250 kilometers (150 miles) north of the capital.
Outside the capital, a suicide attack earlier in the day in the small Kurdish town of Khanaqin, near the Iranian border, heightened fears that insurgents may try to infiltrate polling stations with bombs or suicide belts. "So far, things are going ahead of schedule," said a cautious Valenzuela, flanked by bodyguards in Baghdad's cavernous convention center. "It's all because of the bad security, violence and terrorist attacks recently," he said.
A suicide car bomber killed five people Saturday in an attack on a political party's offices in the Iraqi town of Khanaqin near the border with Iran, police said. The US military said at least one insurgent was also killed. Four police were shot dead just before midnight Friday as they drove on the main road between the towns of Baiji and Shorgat, about 200 kilometers (120 miles) north of the capital, police said.
The commander, speaking on condition of anonymity, said 400 Iraqi civilians, officials and security officers had been killed as part of a campaign of intimidation ahead of Sunday's election, the officer said. Iraq is on high alert for violence on the day of the election, the first free vote in decades. Four hundred Iraqis have been killed so far this month and dozens of voting stations attacked across Iraq on Friday, a senior US military officer said Saturday.
In Samara, 120 kilometres (75 miles) north of Baghdad, a soldier and a policeman were killed in clashes with insurgents, police said. Four soldiers and two civilians were also wounded. The suicide bomber approached workers putting up protective barriers around the voting centre in Khanaqin, a town near the border with Iran. The blast killed the child, the three soldiers and four of the workers and wounded seven more workers, the sources said. The polling centre is close to the headquarters of a Turkmen political party.
"We warn for the last time that tomorrow will be a bloody day for the Jews, the Christians, their agents, and anyone who agrees to play the American-Allawi game," added the statement in a reference to Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi. Iraqi police and the US military said that a suicide bomber wearing an explosives belt walked up to an Iraqi polling station in Khanaqin, a town near the border with Iran, and set off a blast that killed eight people, including a child and three soldiers.
The Christian Science Monitor on Monday named a US journalist kidnapped in Iraq as freelancer Jill Carroll, who was on assignment for the US-based paper when she was seized. Carroll was abducted in western Baghdad on Saturday, by kidnappers who killed her Iraqi interpreter, the paper said in a statement, calling for her release.
Carroll had reported from the Middle East for Jordanian, Italian and other news organizations for the last three years, the paper said. RSF renewed its call for Carroll's release on Monday, and bemoaned the dangers faced by reporters in Baghdad. The Christian Science Monitor newspaper on Monday pleaded for the release of American reporter Jill Carroll, seized in Baghdad by abductors who gunned down her Iraqi translator.
Health-SKorea-stemcell-technology SEOUL: South Korea's discredicted cloning pioneer Hwang Woo-Suk made no breakthrough in cloning technology, said a panel of experts, rejecting claims that Hwang had revolutionized stem cell research. Top world news stories for Tuesday at 0500 GMT: Mideast-Israel-politics-Sharon JERUSALEM: Doctors treating Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon were monitoring his body's responses as they continued to ease him out of a coma buoyed by initial signs he had retained at least some brain function after last week's massive stroke.
"We have been reaching out to the rejectionists." The research made public Monday by Joseph Stiglitz of Columbia University, a 2001 Nobel Prize laureate and former chief economist at the World Bank, and economy professor Linda Bilmes of Harvard University, argued that current official assessments of the war cost fail to consider key expenses likely to dog the US budget for years to come. Frenchman Bernard Planche, a 52-year-old engineer, managed to evade his captors on Saturday.
Six people were detained for questioning, he added. "There can be no stability as long as Iraq is occupied," he added. About 700 people rallied in the gardens of the Umm al-Qura mosque in the west of the capital to denounce the raid carried out Saturday night by US and Iraqi forces.
Angry Sunni Arabs protested Tuesday at a raid on a Baghdad mosque by US and Iraqi soldiers looking for a kidnapped US woman reporter, the latest victim in a series of abductions of Westerners in Iraq. The demonstration came as Iraqis celebrated the Muslim Eid Al-Adha holiday a day after a twin suicide bombing at the interior ministry, claimed by Al-Qaeda, that left at least 28 policemen dead.
The family of an electrical contractor believed killed by a militant group in Iraq is convinced he is dead, and is preparing a memorial service. The Islamic Army of Iraq claimed that it killed Ronald Schulz last month, and a video on a Web site, purportedly posted by the group, showed a blindfolded man being shot in the back of the head. His face was not shown and it was impossible to verify his identity.
An Arab television network ran a video showing kidnapped journalist Jill Carroll Tuesday with an accompanying message from her unnamed captors that she would be killed unless the United States freed all female prisoners in Iraq within 72 hours. Although the 28-year-old Christian Science Monitor reporter appeared to be talking on the tape, her words were not audible. Carroll was kidnapped Jan. 7 while on assignment and her captors had made no public comment or demand until the tape was shown Tuesday. Her translator was shot dead but her driver was set free.
The station broadcast a brief videotape of the journalist Jill Carroll, 28, a freelance reporter working for the Christian Science Monitor who was seized by gunmen in Baghdad on January 7. Carroll, wearing a grey sweatshirt with her long brown hair loose, was shown alone in the video and speaking but there was no sound. It was the first time she has been since since her disappearance.
Her interpreter was shot dead during the abduction, while her driver got away. The family of Jill Carroll, a US woman journalist abducted in Iraq, issued an emotional appeal Monday for her release after her captors threatened her with execution. "Jill is an innocent journalist and we respectfully ask that you please show her mercy and allow her to return home to her mother, sister and family," Carroll's family said in a statement.
For the first time, credible papal contenders come from at least three distinct regions: Europe, Africa and Latin America. Cardinals traditionally have used their first vote to honor mentors and admired leaders, according to John Allen, author of "Conclave," a book about the process of electing a pope. On Saturday, Vatican officials allowed a pool of reporters to enter the Sistine Chapel, now set up for the election.
Representing 52 countries, the most diverse group in history, the cardinals say they believe the choice will be informed by the Holy Spirit. Many Vatican watchers believe there is no cardinal who currently enjoys the support of 77 cardinals, the two-thirds' majority traditionally required for the election of a pope. "They have to make the choice based on the needs of the church and the needs of the wider society."
Representing 52 countries, the 115 crimson-robed "princes" of a church stung by priest sex-abuse scandals and an exodus of the faithful were to celebrate a midmorning Mass at St. Peter's Basilica before sequestering themselves in the Sistine Chapel at 4:30 p.m. (1430 GMT). If they decide to hold off a day, they will hold four rounds of voting _ two in the morning, two in the afternoon _ on Tuesday and every day until a candidate gets two-thirds support: 77 votes.
Black smoke rose from the chimney of the Sistine Chapel Monday evening as cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church signaled that they had voted inconclusively in their first attempt to elect a successor to Pope John Paul II. Alberto Monticone, a professor of modern history at Lumsa Catholic University in Rome, called the comments "a very clear indication of what in his view the attitude of the next pope should be--an attitude of struggle against these evils of the world."
Two-thirds, or 77 votes, are needed for election in the early rounds of voting. The cardinals in red robes and white miters formed a crescent in front of the altar, which rests atop the tomb of St. Peter and under a huge bronze canopy, or baldachin. Hours before the conclave, Ratzinger delivered a blunt sermon at St. Peter's Basilica. Richard John Neuhaus, editor of the journal First Things, said of the German cardinal's homily.
Cardinals from around the globe began their secret conclave to elect a new pope Monday and later cast their first ballots, failing to reach agreement on a successor to Pope John Paul II. Shortly after 8 p.m. local time (2 p.m. EDT), black smoke emerged from a metal chimney atop the tile roof of the Sistine Chapel--the traditional signal that the cardinals have voted but that no new pope has been elected.
Many of its 85,000 worldwide members work in legal, medical, financial and media professions and profess unquestioned fidelity to the church's teachings and loyalty to the pope. But critics have called the group elitist, and it is depicted as a villainous secret society in Dan Brown's best-selling novel, "The Da Vinci Code." Its prelate, Bishop Javier Echevarria, has called for prayer, not politicking.
Clad in crimson vestments and caps, the 115 voting "princes" of a church stung by priest sex-abuse scandals and an exodus of the faithful walked slowly from the Apostolic Palace to sequester themselves inside the chapel decorated with frescoes by Michelangelo. The cardinals were led by altar servers carrying two long, lit white candles and a metal crucifix.
Text of the oath taken by the 115 cardinals voting in the conclave to elect a new pope. We likewise promise, pledge and swear that whichever of us by divine disposition is elected Roman Pontiff will commit himself faithfully to carrying out the munus Petrinum of Pastor of the Universal Church and will not fail to affirm and defend strenuously the spiritual and temporal rights and the liberty of the Holy See.
"It's white!" But within seconds, jubilation gave way to resignation when the chimney began belching decidedly black smoke. Thousands of pilgrims began their stakeout in St. Peter's Square early Monday, and as the sun sank in the sky the square began to fill. "This is history," said Hernan Aracena, 19, wrapped in a Venezuelan flag. "As time goes by, this will be one of those moments where you say, `I was there."'
The more Xs, the more popular." Movies like "Boogie Nights" and the recent documentary "Inside Deep Throat" have portrayed the adult industry as an enclave for good-hearted, rough-edged misfits and cultural freedom fighters. while left-leaning civil libertarians brandish the First Amendment. While their bills didn't ban porn outright, they allowed women to sue pornographers for damages. Some of the most dramatic testimony was from Linda Lovelace, star of "Deep Throat."
The inevitability campaign now underway demonstrates everything bad about modern American politics. Senator Joseph Biden of Delaware also predicts "she is likely to be the nominee." And it is likely to be just as inefficient when it comes to choosing a winner. With help from Dean and voters in Iowa and New Hampshire, they succeeded. She has the next three years to build her case {ndash} and so should other Democrats with different ideas about party direction and agenda.
And that feeling is one of the threads that run through "Madness," which has ridden a surge of media attention (a Newsweek cover story, two big pops on the "Today" show with Katie Couric) to debut at No. She is both one of them herself, she acknowledges, and an observer, apart.
They advocate for affordable day care, tax breaks for corporations that allow mothers to work part time, and laws that provide health-care benefits. "A 'perfect storm' of unfavorable economic and social conditions harms all women who mother, but the consequences are most severe for low-income mothers, single-parent mothers and mothers of color," said Judith Stadtman Tucker, at a recent conference on motherhood in Toronto. They also are bred to rely on their own initiative, and to privatize their problems.
Human Events is a conservative weekly that Ronald Reagan was known to favor, and which the Wall Street Journal called a "bible of the right." One amusing thing about the list is its seeming inability to distinguish between seminal works of social science and totalitarian manifestos. Karl Marx, Adolf Hitler and Chairman Mao Tse-tung sit alongside pragmatist philosopher John Dewey and sex researcher Alfred Kinsey.
In her article she denounced choice feminism as a con. Just don't have two." In an interview, Hirshman said that in the course of researching a book, she began to wonder when feminism switched from offering a clear blueprint for liberation to choosing from Column A and Column B. Choice feminism doesn't provide any formula or model for happily balancing family, work, love, chores, play, sleep and more. Throughout its lifetime, feminism has spawned its share of catchphrases and epithets.
Moreover, she observed, women in lower-level jobs were still earning only 59 cents to every dollar earned by men--this after almost two decades of renewed feminist activism. Friedan wrote six books and had teaching posts at many institutions, including Yale, Harvard, the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of Southern California. She continued to deplore the lack of progress on issues that affected the quality of family life, such as flexible scheduling and better and more affordable child care.
She skipped second grade and was a high school valedictorian, then moved 1,000 miles east to attend Smith College. She pitched it on "The Jack Paar Show," she did question-and-answer interviews in magazines and she took every opportunity to alert the world to the crisis she perceived. Her 1981 book "The Second Stage" prompted some feminists to denounce her as reactionary. He strenuously objected, and Friedan amended the declaration to say that both of them fought physically during their marriage, which ended in divorce in 1969.
I wash the dishes, rush the older children off to school, dash out in the yard to cultivate the chrysanthemums, run back in to make a phone call about a committee meeting, help the youngest child build a blockhouse, spend fifteen minutes skimming the newspapers so I can be well-informed, then scamper down to the washing machines where my thrice-weekly laundry includes enough clothes to keep a primitive village going for an entire year.
Betty Friedan, a founder of the modern feminist movement in the United States, died here Saturday of congestive heart failure, feminist leaders announced. She was 85. Friedan achieved prominence in l963 with the publication of her book "The Feminine Mystique," which detailed the lives of American women who were expected to find fulfillment through the achievements of their husbands and children. The book sparked a movement for a re-evaluation of women's role in American society and is credited with laying the foundation of modern feminism.
Parker Bowles will never become Queen Camilla, nor will she take over the title of princess of Wales that was bestowed on her predecessor, Diana, whose marriage to Charles ended in divorce, partly over her. Charles and Lady Diana Spencer, a onetime nursery school teacher, were wed in 1981. (Optional add end) Charles, garbed in a tuxedo with a red collar and cuffs, told the assembled reporters, "I am very happy."
They have been friends for 30 years and lovers for most of that time. The wedding is to take place on April 8 in a civil ceremony at Windsor Castle, Charles announced Thursday, but the 57-year-old bride will not become the Princess of Wales--that position having already been more than filled by the prince's late and much-remembered ex-wife, Diana. Instead, Parker Bowles will be known as Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cornwall.
Clarence House didn't immediately announce further details, but Sky News TV reported that the heir to the throne would marry on April 6. She was divorced from Charles when she died. The marriage is a sensitive issue because Parker Bowles is divorced and her former husband is still alive. Thirty-two percent of respondents to the Populus poll said they would support Charles if he remarried, while 29 percent were opposed. Prince Charles is to marry his partner Camilla Parker Bowles, the prince's office said Thursday.
Prince Charles and his longtime lover Camilla Parker Bowles _ both divorcees _ will be married in a civil ceremony, not in a Church of England service. "The wedding will be a largely private occasion for family and friends. There will be a civil ceremony in Windsor Castle," said Clarence House, Charles' residence and office.
Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday congratulated Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles after the heir to the throne announced he will marry his long-time partner. "It's very happy news and when the Cabinet heard it this morning they sent their congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the whole government," the prime minister added. "We all wish them every happiness for their future together."
"I am pleased that Prince Charles and Mrs. Camilla Parker Bowles have decided to take this important step," said the archbishop, who is the spiritual leader of the Anglican communion. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, on Thursday welcomed the news that Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles are to marry. The communion includes the Church of England, of which Charles is expected to become Supreme Governor when he succeeds Queen Elizabeth II as British monarch.
After his office surprised Britain by announcing that the couple will be married at Windsor Castle on April 8, the prince was congratulated during a regularly scheduled visit to London's financial district. "I am very excited." Prince Charles said Thursday he is "very excited" about his engagement to his longtime lover Camilla Parker Bowles. "Thank you very much, you're so kind."
Prince Charles' sons William and Harry are "delighted" at news he will marry Camilla Parker Bowles, a spokesman for the heir to the throne's office said Thursday. Prince William and Prince Harry, Charles' sons with the late Princess Diana, are said to want the couple to be happy, the spokesman for Clarence House said. Charles and his future wife will attend a dinner at Windsor Castle later Thursday, a spokeswoman for Clarence House added.
Many Britons welcomed Prince Charles' surprise announcement that he would marry his lover Camilla Parker Bowles, but some said she never will win their hearts the way Princess Diana did. "I'm fine with him marrying her. Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, and other well-known British public figures, said it's time for the public to forget about royal tragedies of the past and welcome Camilla into the fold.
In Scotland, she will be the Duchess of Rothesay. She may not become queen, but Camilla Parker Bowles will be bona fide royalty because of three key letters: HRH. When she weds Charles, Parker Bowles will acquire a slew of titles _ the main one being HRH Duchess of Cornwall. However, she will not be known as the Princess of Wales, a title which for many people worldwide still conjures up memories of the prince's popular first wife, the late Diana.
The British government said more than 100,000 leaflets had been distributed in Baghdad containing a personal plea from Bigley's family and an appeal to his captors to release him. Bigley, an engineer, was kidnapped two weeks ago in Baghdad along with two American colleagues who have since been beheaded.
"Ed, how are the Kerry people feeling?" (STORY CAN END HERE. "OK," Stewart said. "Remember," he said gravely. Comedy Central mocked CNN's motto--"The most trusted name in news"--and Walter Cronkite's onetime reputation (as America's most trusted man) on a billboard during the Republican National Convention, which proclaimed "The Daily Show" as "the most trusted name in fake news."
Everybody knows my campaigning for charity, for peace. According to his Web site, the singer was last in the United States two months ago with his record company. "Yusuf Islam has been placed on the watch lists because of activities that could potentially be related to terrorism," Doyle said. It was not clear whether Straw meant Islam's detention, or his inclusion on the watch list. Islam said he had been well treated by U.S. officials.
Cat Stevens, who abandoned his music career when he converted to Islam and changed his name to Yusuf Islam 30 years ago, is making a surprise comeback with a single that could top the charts at Christmas. Yusuf Islam, 56, who sold 50 million records in the 1960s and 1970s, has recorded a version of his 1970 hit "Father and Son" with Ronan Keating, the Irish former boy-band star, The Times newspaper reported Thursday.
Don't mistake introspection for depression. "It's not only a label we didn't want, it's untrue," Joe Loeffler, bassist and vocalist, said by phone recently. "With us, really, there's no label you can apply; it's so difficult to." The latest offering, "This Type of Thinking (Could Do Us In)" came out in late September and peaked--so far--at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
He says he was a victim of an "unjust and arbitrary system," and that he has denounced terrorism. Benigni is the director of the Oscar-winning "Life is Beautiful." The singer once known as Cat Stevens, now a peace activist whose name was on a U.S. list of people suspected of having terrorist links, will receive a peace prize from a foundation headed by former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, organizers said Monday.
The government ordered U.S. airlines Friday to turn over personal information about passengers so it can test a system for identifying potential terrorists. Under the system, called "Secure Flight," the Transportation Security Administration will compare passenger data with names on two government watch lists: a "no-fly" list comprises known or suspected terrorists, and a "watch" list names people who should face tighter scrutiny before boarding planes.
US Customs officials took the passenger into custody, as well as a person who was traveling with the passenger on the no-fly list, Clark said. The flight landed in Maine at 5:30 pm (2000 GMT) and headed back to Washington's Dulles International Airport two hours later, Clark added. US authorities diverted a Washington-bound Air France flight after discovering that a passenger was part of a "no-fly" list of people deemed a security risk, a US security official said Sunday.
Hutchinson recalled that US authorities were preparing to test a new system dubbed "Secure Flight" that will allow them to compare the list of passengers with the no-fly list. US authorities asked that the Boeing 777 carrying 263 people be diverted to Bangor, in the northeastern state of Maine, late Saturday after discovering that a passenger was on the list of people deemed a security risk.
Nelson Mandela, South Africa's former president and apartheid hero, donned his former prison identification number 46664 on Thursday for a fundraising event aimed at fighting the AIDS/HIV epidemic. The 86-year-old Mandela, wearing 46664 on a black shirt, oversaw the launch of the book "46664: The Concert", a book of photographs taken at an AIDS benefit concert last year.
A judge Thursday agreed to postpone the trial date for a lawsuit brought by Michael Jackson and his former lawyer over the alleged secret recording of them on a charter jet as the singer flew to be booked on child molestation charges. Jackson and attorney Mark Geragos sued XtraJet Inc. in November, alleging they were videotaped without their knowledge on a flight to Santa Barbara so Jackson could surrender on the charges. Superior Court Judge Soussan G. Bruguera moved the trial date from November to May 23 over the protests of XtraJet.
"I would like to thank attorney Steve Cochran for all of the hard work he has done on my behalf," Jackson said in a statement released by his spokeswoman. "He continues to be my friend and close adviser." He called Cochran a friend, "brilliant lawyer, and a great credit to our profession." A reason for the departure was not released. An attorney who has represented Michael Jackson for more than a decade has left the pop star's defense team, Jackson said.
Jackson's attorneys were particularly concerned about what they decried as Sneddon's "smug" and "jocular" manner during a news conference in which he announced Jackson's arrest. Lockyer wrote that even if Sneddon had personal animosity toward Jackson, that would not be enough to show a conflict of interest or warrant his removal. State Attorney General Bill Lockyer called the request "baseless" and said it was premised on "conjecture and unfounded speculation."
The bombshell was dropped during a pre-trial hearing in Jackson's child molestation case when prosecutors revealed they had recently discovered documents linking Miko Brando with the alleged crime. A record of the alleged December 2003 transaction was discovered in documents seized in a search of the home of Jackson's personal assistant, the court heard.
About 20 Jackson fans stood before MTV's studios in Times Square as Jackson blasted Eminem and his video. "And I also want to make it clear that it's not just about Michael Jackson but about a pattern of disrespect that he has shown to our community," Jackson said of the white rapper. Black Entertainment Television (BET) agreed to stop broadcasting the video, but MTV has balked at Jackson's request.
A former business associate of US pop singer Michael Jackson has filed a lawsuit against the entertainer for breaching contract, local media reported Wednesday. The lawsuit was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court by Marc Schaffel, who is seeking 3 million US dollars for unpaid loans, cash advances and producing fees. Schaffel claims that he helped Jackson make a pair of Fox television specials to rebut a controversial TV documentary that took a critical look at the singer's eccentric lifestyle.
Kamad Enterprise, which owns Mayfair Gallery, claimed Jackson owes US $178,875 (euro137,340) of the US $378,875 (euro290,905) in merchandise he allegedly purchased in May, according to a complaint filed Thursday in Los Angeles Superior Court. An attorney for Jackson, Brian Oxman, said he had not reviewed the complaint. "Like other proceedings involving Michael Jackson, we'll look at it carefully and deal with it in a professional manner," Oxman said.
A 26-year-old Canadian man has pleaded guilty to emailing a death threat to pop superstar Michael Jackson, police said Tuesday. Adrian Poffley received a conditional discharge and 12 months probation after appearing in court Monday in Kitchener, Ontario, west of Toronto, said Waterloo police Staff Sergeant Bryan Larkin. They acted after a threatening email arrived at the Santa Maria Court House where Jackson was due to appear. Jackson, 45, has pleaded not guilty to a 10-count indictment that included charges of child molestation.
Police and investigators probing child molestation charges against superstar Michael Jackson on Friday launched a fresh search on his famed Neverland Ranch, detectives said. The "King of Pop" was not present at the ranch, named after the home of the eternally youthful children's literary character Peter Pan, when police swooped, Jackson's entourage told AFP.
Investigators took DNA from pop star Michael Jackson's mouth Saturday, a day after raiding his Neverland Ranch to prepare for his trial on child molestation charges, a family source said Sunday. "Michael's children were traumatized. They were terrified. Jackson fans close to the family said the pop star and his children spent Friday in the gambling getaway of Las Vegas in neighboring Nevada state. "The DNA swab was done on Saturday in Michael's house at the ranch," the source said.
In the shaky, uncertain weeks after the Sept. 11 attacks, Congress passed an anti-terrorism bill that gave the government broad powers to peer into the lives of Americans. It's time--past time--to rein in the excesses of the USA Patriot Act. Judge Marrero drew a far different conclusion, saying the provision and the latitude it gives the government to conduct unchecked searches have "no place in an open society."
The inspector general's conclusions were in a letter to Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, senior Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. Attorney General John Ashcroft did not violate anti-lobbying laws when he gave a series of speeches last year promoting the anti-terror Patriot Act, Justice Department internal investigators have concluded. The agency's inspector general, Glenn A. "In addition, given the DOJ's responsibility to enforce criminal laws, we do not believe they could be considered `purely partisan,"' Fine wrote.
In the face of frequent attacks on the law, Bush administration officials have mounted an increasingly aggressive and public defense of the legislation and railed against what they regard as distortions about what it does. Comey's speech came on the same day that Attorney General John Ashcroft, in an op-ed piece in The Wall Street Journal, called the Patriot Act "an indispensable tool" in fighting terrorism and said it "is often portrayed in an outright false light." Critics challenged the Justice Department's aggressive defense of the law.
Bush's second term include persuading Congress to renew key parts of the anti-terrorism Patriot Act and continuing reform of FBI intelligence gathering. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT: Top issues for the U.S. Justice Department in President George W. 11, 2001, attacks without thorough review in Congress. OTHER ISSUES: A legal question to be resolved: Can suspected terrorists be tried in civilian federal courts without jeopardizing national security or military missions?
"We must not allow the passage of time or the illusion of safety to weaken our resolve in this new war," Bush said in a speech at the Justice Department. "To protect the American people, Congress must promptly renew all provisions of the Patriot Act this year." The president's remarks came at the formal swearing-in of his friend and longtime adviser, Alberto R. Gonzales, as the nation's 80th attorney general.
President George W. Bush on Monday urged Congress to reauthorize the USA Patriot Act, the Justice Department's widely criticized anti-terrorism law. Bush lauded Ashcroft's tireless efforts to make America safer as he oversaw a drop in violent crime besides his counterterrorism work. Gonzales, who served as White House counsel during the last four years, said he would be a part of Bush's team but his first allegiance will be to the Constitution.
"Probably 70 percent of hands went up," Townsend said. The White House's homeland security adviser asked attorneys Thursday to help foster an honest debate over whether to reauthorize controversial anti-terror laws. Fran Townsend said White House support for extending the entire USA Patriot Act, which expires at the end of the year, is "unequivocal." That law, which was passed in the wake of the Sept. 11 terror attacks, gives the government broad surveillance and law enforcement powers in terror cases.
At a news conference Tuesday, ACLU Washington director Laura Murphy underscored the importance of raising the profile in the debate of such prominent conservatives as Grover Norquist of Taxpayers United, David Keene of the American Conservative Union and Paul Weyrich of the Free Congress Foundation. "Given the number of folks in this room wearing elephant lapel pins, I don't think the administration can easily discount our message," said Murphy, referring to the symbol of the Republican Party.
Instead of seeking wholesale changes, the coalition is focusing on three of the law's most-controversial provisions. It was a Washington rarity to see the American Civil Liberties Union line up with conservative lions like David Keefe of the American Conservative Union and former Rep. Bob Barr, R-Ga. But they were among those at a Washington press conference held to assail such Patriot Act provisions as those allowing law enforcement agents to look at library users' records or to conduct unannounced "sneak-and-peek" searches on homes or private offices.
The coalition wants Congress to repeal or let expire prosecutors' Patriot Act ability to easily obtain records in terrorism-related cases from businesses and other entities, including libraries; the provision that allows "sneak and peek" searches conducted without a property owner's or resident's knowledge and with warrants delivered afterward; and what they called an overbroad definition of "terrorists" that could include non-terrorism suspects.
And even some policymakers who favor a temporary worker program are beginning to think this might require some sort of employee ID. Authorized immigrants would welcome a card they could rely on, and they would face less discrimination than they are currently exposed to. Last month, House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner succeeded in attaching his Real ID Act to a must-pass Iraq appropriations bill.
Should it emerge intact from House-Senate negotiations over the spending package, it could be law next month. It would also grant greater discretion to Homeland Security officials to reject asylum seekers and curtail the ability of appeals courts to issue stays of deportation orders and review rejected cases. "They have come as students, tourists, and business visitors. They have snuck across the border illegally, arrived as stowaways on ships, used false passports, and have been granted amnesty.
Sensenbrenner introduced the Real ID Act in January. Last month the House attached the act to an emergency spending bill for Iraq and other needs, forcing the Senate to consider it. House Republican James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin says his bill, the Real ID Act, will keep terrorists from crossing US borders. In a January column he writes: "The goal of the Real ID Act is straightforward: it seeks to prevent another 9/11-type attack by disrupting terrorist travel." But the rhetoric promises more protection than the bill delivers.
The Real ID Act, which restricts illegal immigrants from getting driver's licenses and tightens asylum laws, is expected to be approved or rejected by House and Senate negotiators Thursday. The bill is urgently needed to fund military operations and rebuilding efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as tsunami relief efforts in Asia. The residents of states that don't comply won't be allowed to use the driver's licenses as identification to board planes or apply for Social Security and other benefits.
A bill that would enact hotly contested immigration rules, including one that would bar illegal immigrants from getting driver's licenses, is marching toward approval with the backing of the White House. The House version contains the immigration provisions but the Senate's version does not. Lawmakers from both parties, as well as civil liberties groups and immigration advocates, decry the addition of the provisions to the must-pass supplemental bill.
Calvo said that language currently in the bill would require states to verify the authenticity of each identification document--including birth certificates and utility bills, with the original sources. "We're not really sure what's going to come out and how it's going to affect us," he said. Same day driver's licenses could become a thing of the past under legislation near final approval in Congress, the National Conference of State Legislators said Tuesday.
Motor vehicle department employees then would have to verify the documents with federal databases, a potentially lengthy process that could mean an end to same-day license renewals. Each year, about 70 million people in the United States apply for new driver's licenses or renewals. In most of the states now, the new drivers are typically required to produce proof of age and one or two other forms of ID, usually including a photo.
Congress long has ignored notices that the United States needs a standardized method to be able to identify and track people who commit crimes in one state and easily take up residence and new identities in another state. (BEGIN ITAL) Recommendation: Secure identification should begin in the United States. The federal government should set standards for the issuance of birth certificates and sources of identification, such as drivers licenses. (END ITAL) The 9/11 Commission Report, quoted above, is clear.
Alexander, a Tennessee Republican, joined Democrats and state officials in railing against the White House-backed driver's license rules and other immigration measures before the Senate approved the $82 billion (euro63.79 billion) spending bill 100-0. The rules are aimed at stopping illegal immigrants from getting driver's licenses to prevent them from boarding planes or entering protected federal buildings. Who are these people in Washington telling us what to do with our driver's licenses and making us pay for them, too?"'
"This is clearly an anti-immigrant bill that's going to have a very harmful impact on the Latino community and all immigrant communities," said Michele Waslin, director of immigration policy research at the National Council of La Raza. Not a single immigrant is going to be returned to his or her home country if they're denied a driver's license." The provision was folded into an emergency military spending bill that earmarks $82 billion (euro63.65 billion) for the war in Iraq.
The European Medicines Agency is to review all drugs in the same class as Vioxx after US pharmaceutical giant Merck withdrew the arthritis drug, a spokesman for the agency said Friday. "We are going to see whether there is a class effect," a spokesman for the London-based agency said. Vioxx, which is scientifically known as rofecoxib, has been marketed in more than 80 countries and produced sales of 2.5 billion dollars in 2003.
Assuming the Vioxx cases follow the pattern of other major product liability battles, a surge in lawsuits could well encourage court-ordered consolidation of the litigation, hastening its resolution. Last week's decision by Merck to halt sales of Vioxx, its blockbuster painkiller, could lead to an onslaught of new lawsuits against the company. The lawsuit says that Strong's client suffered ministrokes and a number of heart problems from taking Vioxx.
Patients on Vioxx for arthritis or other conditions should be getting letters from their doctors, although they can call them now. And older nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen and naproxen, typically called NSAIDs, cause gastrointestinal bleeding in some patients. That is one reason doctors and patients welcomed the new NSAIDs known as Cox-2 inhibitors--Vioxx, Celebrex and Bextra--as they started entering the market in the 1990s. On Wednesday, the European Medicines Agency in London announced it would review all drugs of this type.
Anti-inflammatory drugs like Vioxx, which is being pulled off the market after it was linked to cardiac problems, could pose similar riskald of the University of Pennsylvania, who led one of the studies funded by the two pharmaceutical firms. "I believe this is a class effect" that includes similar types of medication, such as Celebrex or Bextra, FitzGerald said.
The pharmaceutical firm Merck faces a new class-action lawsuit in Canada, filed on behalf of two people who suffered heart attacks after taking the company's pain medication Vioxx, which was taken off the market worldwide because of such risks, plaintiffs' lawyers said Friday. Similar suits were filed last week in Quebec, British Columbia, Ontario and Saskatchewan, according to the Toronto law Firm Rochon Genova. Last week, a consumer group in Quebec filed suit against Merck, charging that it kept Vioxx on the market despite the risks.
That was down from $1.86 billion, or 82 cents per share, in the July-September period of 2003. Because of lost revenues for Vioxx, which had about $2.5 billion in 2003 sales, or 11 percent of total company revenues, Merck said Thursday that fourth-quarter earnings per share will only be 48 cents (38 euro cents) to 53 cents (42 euro cents), with full-year earnings per share at $2.59 to $2.64 (euro2.05 to euro2.09).
Merck said it was unsure if its insurance would provide enough money to cover potential lawsuit losses. Sales fell 3.9 percent from a year earlier to 5.54 billion dollars in the three months to September 30. US drugs giant Merck said Thursday quarterly net profit tumbled as it took a 552.6-million-dollar blow from the withdrawal of blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx. A rash of lawsuits also now plagues the firm because of the global Vioxx withdrawal on September 30, prompted by a study showing it increased the risk for strokes and heart attacks.
Hundreds of lawsuits have been filed against Merck over Vioxx and one analyst believes it could cost the company up to $12 billion. Shares of Merck Co. plunged more than 10 percent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx cause heart problems. Vioxx has been taken by about 20 million Americans and had produced 11 percent of Merck's total revenues.
The study concluded that Vioxx, known under the chemical name rofecoxib, "increases the risk of serious coronary heart disease defined as acute myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death," the FDA study concluded. On Tuesday the company described the FDA estimates as speculation: "In general, there is no reliable way to measure the actual use in the population and therefore no reliable way to estimate the actual number of events."
"For every hundred calls we get, there are only two or three top-end cases," Papantonio said. If it wins those trials, it could knock down the settlement value of the vast majority of claims against it and cut billions of dollars from its potential exposure. Hundreds of plaintiffs' lawyers who claim that people were injured or killed by the painkiller Vioxx plan to meet next week to lay groundwork for a nationwide legal assault against the drug's maker, Merck.
Steven P. Jobs is preparing to take an unprecedented gamble by abandoning Apple Computer's 14-year commitment to chips developed by IBM and Motorola in favor of Intel processors for his Macintosh computers, industry executives informed of the decision said Sunday. The move is a chesslike gambit in a broader industry turf war that pits the traditional personal computer industry against an emerging world of consumer electronics focused on the digital home.
A stormy, decade-long relationship between Apple Computer Inc. and IBM is over, according to published reports. Apple CEO Steve Jobs is expected to announce Monday morning at the company's software developers conference in San Francisco that Apple will discontinue using microprocessor chips made by IBM in favor of Intel chips, according to CNET Networks Inc.'s News.com and The Wall Street Journal. Officials from Apple, Intel Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. could not be reached Sunday to confirm the report.
Apple Computer is expected to announce Monday that it will begin using Intel chips in its Macintosh machines next year, ending a 14-year alliance with IBM and its processors, according to US media reports. The move is a major change in strategy for Apple, according to The Wall Street Journal's online edition. The New York Times called it "an unprecedented gamble."
For its part, Armonk, N.Y.-based IBM has already focused its energies on building chips for the fast-growing video game industry. Monday's announcement that Apple Computer Inc. will use Intel Corp. chips in its PCs made the Mac faithful think: different. After weeks of rumors and speculation, Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs told software engineers at the company's annual developer conference that Intel microprocessors would power Macintosh computers beginning next year, with Intel inside all Apple computers by 2007.
IBM also failed to deliver a low-power version of the G5 suitable for use in laptop computers. Stephen Baker, director of industry analysis at the NPD Group in Port Washington, N.Y., said Apple's inability to put its most powerful chip in a laptop was a major problem, at a time when laptop sales are on the upswing. Apple Computer Inc. Monday dumped IBM Corp. as the supplier of processor chips for its Macintosh computers.
Apple's computers are now installed with PowerPC microprocessors from IBM, which are different in design from the popular X-86 chips of Intel and AMD. Apple announced on Monday plans to deliver models of its Macintosh computers using Intel microprocessors in 2006 and to convert all of its Macs to use Intel microprocessors by the end of 2007.
Apple Computer Inc. began a historic transition Monday: The Cupertino, Calif., firm plans to switch to Intel Corp. microprocessors for its Macintosh lineup starting next year. Jobs warmly embraced Intel President and CEO Paul Otellini onstage before hundreds of attendees at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, in a gesture that symbolized the new partnership between the two iconic Silicon Valley companies. Some Macs with Intel inside are scheduled to be released in June 2006, with most of the lineup to be converted by June 2007.
Chief executive Steve Jobs told 3,800 software developers attending an annual Apple conference here that new Macs will come with Intel microprocessors "by this time next year". Under the alliance with the world's biggest chip maker, all Apple Macs will be equipped to handle Intel rather than IBM processors by the end of 2007. IBM minimised the development. Apple Computer, for years a niche operator, took another step toward the market mainstream Monday by abandoning IBM chips in favour of Intel ones to power its trendy Macintosh machines.
Apple, which for years suggested its users "Think Different," will join all other PC makers in using microprocessors built on the x86 architecture. In a risky move that could further shrink its minuscule slice of the PC market, Apple Computer Inc. announced plans Monday to switch its Macintosh computers to the same Intel Corp. chips used in systems that run Microsoft Windows.
IBM's future chip plans are focused elsewhere _ notably the next generation of video game consoles made by Microsoft Corp., Sony Corp. and Nintendo Co. IBM's chips also power several kinds of IBM server computers, which account for a huge chunk of the company's hardware revenue. Promising blazing speeds and the ability to carry out 10 sets of computing instructions at once, Cell is due to come out next year.
Employees at the Holiday Inn are ready to roll out their red carpet--literally--for the hordes of international and national reporters and television crews. "It'll be like the flight," says smiling Holiday Inn sales manager Gala Bloyd, referring to how the details of the mission are kept under wraps until closer to the departure. By LAURA BAUER The Kansas City Star SALINA, Kan.--Anytime Jeff Palmer hears a plane overhead, he peers out the front window of Mr. G's Market.
With all preparations complete for a solo, non-stop flight around the globe, the only thing standing in the way of the legendary adventurers next attempt to set a world record is an uncooperative jet stream. Steve Fossett is waiting on the wind. "It's never been an exact science," said spokeswoman Anna Burdsall. The launch of the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer has been delayed a number of times since it arrived in Salinas, Kansas, on January 7.
- a solo, non-stop, non-refueled flight around the world. Facts and figures about the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer, which is scheduled to take off from Salina, Kansas, on Monday with American Steve Fossett at the controls: The goal: The journey: - estimated travel time: between 70 and 80 hours. - distance traveled: must be more than 36,787.559 kilometers (equal in length to the Tropic of Cancer) or around 23,000 miles
In 2002, he became the first person to solo the globe in a balloon--a 14-day odyssey, which began and ended in Australia. But Voyager had two pilots, Burt Rutan's older brother Richard Rutan and pilot Jeana Yeager. Fossett hasn't said publicly what he'll do if he doesn't make it, but his earlier balloon flights have made it clear that he doesn't quit easily.
It's going to be a long night tonight and a long night tomorrow night," he said. The three-day journey will test Fossetts endurance and his abilities as a pilot. The delicate, light-bodied airplane has been built with very little margin for complications like turbulence and Fossett will need to keep a close eye on the fuel distribution to ensure that the plane remains properly balanced. Despite the dangers, Fossett said he is determined to try to capture the "most important aviation records that have been left undone."
The 23,000-mile (37,000-kilometer) flight had already been postponed several times because of shifting jet stream patterns or weather at the airport. By late Monday night, Fossett was soaring over Canada. Besides the nonstop record, Fossett will attempt to break seven other aviation records, including the longest flight by a jet aircraft. The flight plan was adjusted once more later Monday after Algeria closed a portion of its airspace, mission control director Kevin Stass said.
The GlobalFlyer was designed by aviation legend Burt Rutan, who recently made headlines when his SpaceShipOne won the 10 million dollar "X Prize" for sending a privately-designed craft into space twice in two weeks. Fossett, who took off from here in the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer on Monday for a flight expected to last between 60 and 80 hours, said he had to deal with a number of "dramas," particularly during takeoff, but the flight was going well overall.
American adventurer Steve Fossett likes to joke that his attempt to fly around the world without stopping or refueling has no "practical" purpose. "As an airline, we hope that Virgin Atlantic airplanes will (one day) be made of composite materials and that metal will be thrown away," Branson said at a press conference Monday. The single engine turbofan aircraft designed by Burt Rutans Scale Composites is constructed with lightweight, composite materials in order to maximize fuel efficiency.
Fossett, who took off from here in the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer on Monday for a flight expected to last between 60 and 80 hours, said he hae navigation aid. "I believe it was an antenna problem," Fossett said. At Mission Control, flight controllers were carefully monitoring fuel consumption. "His feet are a bit chilly," said Moore.
Fossett, who took off from here in the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer on Monday for a flight expected to last between 60 and 80 hours, said he had to deal with a number of "dramas" during takeoff but the flight was going well overall. At 03:30 GMT, Fossett was at 48,197 feet (14,700 meters) and had been in the air for nearly 27 hours. "I believe it was an antenna problem," Fossett said.
Last week, Jennings' ABC colleague Ted Koppel announced he will leave "Nightline" this December. A former smoker who quit some years ago, Jennings will begin outpatient chemotherapy treatment next week in New York, but he intends to continue broadcasting as his health permits. "World News Tonight" anchor Peter Jennings has lung cancer, ABC announced Tuesday, but plans to remain on the job throughout his treatment.
Peter Jennings, the last of the three major anchors of his era who is still working on a nightly newscast, revealed Tuesday that he has lung cancer and that he will begin chemotherapy next week. E-mail messages released Tuesday by Jennings and ABC News president David Westin stressed that Jennings, who is 66 and who has anchored ABC's "World News Tonight" since 1983, will continue to work during treatment, provided he feels well enough.
ABC News emphasized that Jennings would remain its evening news anchor. He quit at that time, though the colleagues said it was an enormous struggle for him and periodically he was known to sneak a cigarette or two. He later quit again, a colleague said. While the prognosis depends on the type of lung cancer, the overall cure rate is just 16 percent. ABC said Jennings, 66, would work as often as he could during his course of treatment.
Lung cancer is the leading cancer killer in the United States, and roughly four out of five people diagnosed with the disease die within five years, said Dr. Cliff Connery, chief of thoracic surgery at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital in Manhattan. He did go to Iraq in January for the elections. I'm counting on him getting through this very difficult passage." "Jennings has served American broadcast news with a graceful internationalist intelligence," said Rich Hanley, director of graduate programs at Quinnipiac University's school of communications.
They have been losing audience share for two decades but still reach 30 million people with their evening newscasts. Peter Jennings, the last of the three long-dominant network anchors still on the job, said Tuesday he has been diagnosed with lung cancer. ABC News President David Westin said in a note to the staff that "Peter's been given a tough assignment. "Peter is part of the DNA of ABC News," said spokesman Jeffrey Schneider.
Another television veteran, Ted Koppel, announced last week that he was leaving ABC and "Nightline" at the end of the year. ABC News anchor Peter Jennings has been diagnosed with lung cancer, the network announced Tuesday, and will immediately begin a round of outpatient chemotherapy that is expected to keep him from the anchor desk at times in the coming months. The 66-year-old newsman, who smoked when he was younger, had been feeling ill during the last several days and was diagnosed Monday afternoon.
Closing out the night watch, his signature sign-off sounds like a benediction. The future of the iconic American anchorman was on the minds of many this week as the news that Peter Jennings had been diagnosed with lung cancer raised concerns that he wouldn't be able to continue as anchor at ABC News.
"Please take the time to now look out for yourself." Jennings still hopes to lead the newscast throughout his chemotherapy. Jennings' diagnosis forces ABC executives to begin contemplating the question of succession, too--a matter most had assumed would be at least several years off. "Life won't be the same till you're back in the living rooms of America every night," wrote a woman identified as Marilyn L. Schneider insisted that ABC executives are focused on Jennings' recovery.
In the short run, the absence of Jennings threatens to undermine one of the chief goals Westin has set for his news division this year: to overtake its main rival, "NBC Nightly News," at a moment of potential vulnerability for NBC--just as Brian Williams has lost some of the audience he inherited in December from Tom Brokaw. Westin faces a far bigger dilemma in the long run.
You knew this was coming." Peter Jennings, in a statement read Friday night on ABC's "World News Tonight," shared with viewers his feelings about his battle with lung cancer and expressed gratitude for the support he has received from fans and friends. "Thousands of you have spoiled me rotten with your attention in the last couple of weeks," Jennings said in a statement that was read on air by Elizabeth Vargas.
A federal judge has allowed Tyco International Ltd. shareholders to go forward with a class action lawsuit against the company and others. But U.S. District Judge Paul Barbadoro on Thursday struck down a related claim that sought damages on behalf of Tyco stemming from allegations of fraud and corporate looting. They have denied the charges. Barbadoro dismissed the claim seeking damages on behalf of Tyco against most of its current directors and several of its former directors and officers. Barbadoro said it was barred under Bermuda law.
The judge said there is not enough evidence that Swartz was involved in the tax scheme to join that trial with the larceny retrial. In denying the prosecution's consolidation request on Monday, state Supreme Court Justice Michael Obus noted that the larceny trial, set to begin Jan. 18, includes Tyco's former chief financial officer Mark Swartz, 44. If convicted on the first-degree grand larceny charge after their retrial, Kozlowski and Swartz each could face up to 25 years in prison.
The retrial of two top Tyco International executives accused of stealing $600 million (euro458 million) of company money to finance lifestyles of gaudy excess is set to begin next week. Prosecutors have told the judge they expected to present a shorter, leaner case against Kozlowski, Tyco's former chairman and chief executive officer, and Mark Swartz, the former finance chief. They expect it to last a little more than four months.
"I understand why a $6,000 shower curtain seems indefensible," Kozlowski, Tyco's former chief executive, said on the eve of his retrial on charges of looting the company. L. Dennis Kozlowski wants to be clear: The $6,000 shower curtain wasn't his idea. The shower curtain, bought by his decorator on Tyco International's tab for an extravagantly furnished Manhattan apartment, became perhaps the most notable symbol of corporate excess and conspicuous consumption of the 1990s. "But I didn't know about it.
The former Tyco International Ltd. chief who became a symbol of material excess began his retrial in New York Tuesday. Prosecutors have been chasing corporate crooks and piling up big statistics in court for five years. Take a look at this lineup: The trial of the former WorldCom Inc. chief executive charged as the front man for an $11 billion fraud begins this week in New York. Ebbers is charged with fraud and conspiracy in the WorldCom collapse, the largest bankruptcy in US history.
Prosecutors promised to present a leaner case this time against former Tyco chairman and CEO L. Dennis Kozlowski and former chief financial officer Mark Swartz. This time around, prosecutors were expected to focus less on items such as Kozlowski's $6,000 (euro4,600) gold-threaded shower curtain and more on how he and Swartz allegedly looted the company. The retrial is expected to last about four months.
Actually, corporate scandals hurt workers, clients and stockholders at all levels, Thompson said. While corporate cases in recent years have tended to be big, allegations of wrongdoing are far from new in the world of business, said Emory law professor William Carney. In past decades, business leaders usually faced only civil penalties for wrongdoing, except in cases of tax fraud, insider trading or price-fixing, Coffee said.
Prosecutors rewrote their opening script for the retrial of L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz on Wednesday, purging the most striking accusations of lavish spending that they had concentrated on during the first trial. Instead, prosecutors focused on laying out the core theme of their case, saying the two men, former Tyco executives, had illegally awarded themselves millions of dollars in bonuses and concealed them from the company's board and shareholders. "These defendants ran Tyco, but they did not own Tyco."
In a 3 1/2-hour opening argument, assistant Manhattan district attorney Owen Heimer said L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark Swartz earned almost $300 million in legitimate pay between 1999 and 2001, but took the additional money to finance sumptuous lifestyles that included purchases of lavish apartments and fancy artwork. "This authorized compensation--as huge as it was--was just not enough for these two men," Heimer said. "They had to have more, so they stole another $150 million."
"The directors are concerned about their pocketbook," Kozlowski's lawyer, Stephen Kaufman, said, calling their contention that they had never approved millions of dollars of bonuses for the men "revisionist history." "The facts are that every penny that my client earned was on the books and records of the company he headed," he said.
An evacuation order was issued Monday for Florida Keys as a tropical storm is moving quickly towards the southern US island chain. The order will prompt the evacuation of some 40,000 residents and tourists in the Atlantic archipelago near southeastern US mainland, US TV network CNN reported. According to latest weather reports, Tropical Storm Rita is sustaining winds of 97 kph earlier Monday, and is likely to be upgraded to a level 1 hurricane by the time it passes the Florida Keys.
Hurricane Katrina was a Category 4 storm when it devastated parts of the coasts of Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama on Aug. 29. Hurricane Rita brushed past Key West on Tuesday and was forecast to strengthen into a major hurricane later in the week, prompting residents and rescuers to begin evacuating this feeble city, as well as parts of Louisiana and Texas. In Houston, officials began moving evacuees from New Orleans out of the Reliant Arena where they had found refuge and sending many of them on to Arkansas.
World oil prices fell further on Tuesday, despite a new hurricane powering towards oil facilities in the Gulf of Mexico, and as OPEC pledged to supply more crude from the start of October if required. Hurricane Rita was upgraded from a tropical storm as it threatened the southeastern United States, forcing an alert in southern Florida and scuttling plans to repopulate New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina turned it into a ghost city three weeks earlier.
Hurricane Rita strengthened to category two, packing winds of 160 kilometers per hour (100 mph) early Tuesday afternoon, the Miami-based National Weather Center announced. The storm headed from Atlantic waters off Cuba toward the Gulf of Mexico and was expected to pass about 65 kilometers (40 miles) off Key West, the southernmost city in a chain of islands linked to mainland Florida by a single bridge.
Iberia and American Airlines said Tuesday they were suspending flights between Madrid and Miami because of Hurricane Rita. Both companies told AFP they were awaiting information from US authorities before deciding to restore the flights.
Hurricane Rita strengthened to category two, packing winds of 160 kilometers per hour (100 mph) early Tuesday afternoon, the Miami-based National Weather Center announced. The storm headed from Atlantic waters off Cuba toward the Gulf of Mexico and was expected to pass about 65 kilometers (40 miles) off Key West, the southernmost city in a chain of islands linked to mainland Florida by a single bridge. Forecasters said the Florida Keys could experience large and dangerous waves and storm surge of up to two meters (six feet.)
More than 7,000 Hurricane Katrina survivors taking refuge in Texas shelters were being uprooted again Tuesday as Hurricane Rita threatened the state neighboring Louisiana, officials said. About 4,000 refugees from Louisiana housed in a shelter in Houston, Texas, are being moved to Arkansas, while 3,000 more are moving from a San Antonio refuge to Tennessee, said David Passey, a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) spokesman. More than 13,000 Katrina survivors are in Texas shelters, but authorities are only moving those located in vulnerable areas, he said.
Emergency services began evacuating residents of hurricane-ravaged New Orleans once again Tuesday due to the threat posed by Hurricane Rita, Mayor Ray Nagin said. "We have had an influx of evacuees that have made their way to the convention center.
Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco declared a state of emergency in western Louisiana on Tuesday and urged people to evacuate as strengthening Hurricane Rita headed toward the Gulf of Mexico. "I have put the state on alert. We've declared another emergency for particularly at this moment for southwest Louisiana," Blanco said.
A county judge said he is planning on issuing a mandatory evacuation of nursing homes and assisted-living facilities beginning at 6:00 am (9:00 GMT) Wednesday, with a mandatory evacuation of the general population beginning at 6:00 pm (2100 GMT) and continuing through Thursday afternoon. Local schools have already closed and government offices will be closed Wednesday amid fears the hurricane could strike the region. Hurricane Rita pounded the fragile Florida Keys islands Tuesday as it barreled toward the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico.
But Hovorka said the price tag would not be exorbitant. Some Texas geologists believe the best way to get rid of the carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels is to simply put it back where it came from. On Monday, scientists began burying 3,000 tons of compressed carbon dioxide 1 mile beneath an old oil field near Dayton. If the plan works, most carbon dioxide--a greenhouse gas--could be captured from area smokestacks and stored harmlessly underground, not pumped into the atmosphere.
Their focus is on power stations which burn oil, gas and coal, and whose pollution is set to soar in coming years as China and India, the two world's most populous countries, meet surging needs for energy. Sequestrators say carbon dioxide (CO2) would be captured using solvents, either before or after the fossil fuel is burned in the plant.
It can get the United States and developing countries on board," said ZhongXiang Zhang, an energy and climate policy analyst at the East-West Center, a think tank in Honolulu. The Kyoto Protocol's weak point is that even as wealthy nations cut back on pollution, greenhouse gas emissions from China, India and other developing nations keep rising at a sizzling rate. The world can ill afford even one greenhouse gas producer on the U.S. scale, let alone two."
Until Congress regulates carbon emissions--a move that many in the industry consider inevitable, but unlikely soon--gasification technology will catch on only as its costs gradually come down. Last month, for example, Mark Maddox, a deputy assistant secretary, said at an industry gathering that the technology "is needed in the mix--needed now." It's a risky strategy--for industry and for the climate.
"And on any particular issue if the way it is said isn't your particular leaning or viewpoint, then you say `You've compromised the science,' or `You haven't done a good job of communicating .' Conceding the existence of climate change but not ready to predicts its severity or its causes, Johnson said, "My focus is on advancing technologies and achieving real results." He touted a program he called Methane to Market, which captures methane gases for energy use.
The method should be operational within a decade and could eventually prove a major export earner for Britain as other countries begin to adopt climate change-reducing techniques, Energy Minister Malcolm Wicks said. Carbon capture could reduce emissions from power plants by up to 85 percent, he added. he told BBC radio. Britain is to study whether global warming can be curbed by "capturing" carbon dioxode from power stations and storing it underground in old oil and gas fields, ministers said Tuesday.
Oil group BP PLC said Thursday it has formed a joint venture with ConocoPhillips, Shell Transport Trading Co. and Scottish and Southern Energy to begin work on a project to generate "carbon-free" electricity from hydrogen. BP said the project, which would make use of a power station in northern Scotland and export the carbon dioxide to a North Sea oil reservoir, would require total capital investment of some US $600 million (euro497 million).
The declaration was issued by the Group of Eight along with a "Gleneagles Plan of Action" for combatting global warming and promoting clean energy. British Prime Minister Tony Blair hailed the compromise as a big step forward. The two documents marked the club's greatest acknowledgement so far about the cause and scale of global warming, a phenomenon that has shifted from the wings to the centre of the world's political stage in less than a quarter-century.
Today, more than a billion people lack access to safe drinking water. Polluted water contributes, each year, to the death of about 15 million children under age 5. "Water supplies are falling while the demand is dramatically growing." Using the tools of isotope hydrology, scientists can discover the age, origins, size, flow, and fate of a water source. For instance, if the method reveals that the water in a well is young and recently derived from rain, villagers can pump away vigorously.
SEARCH IS ON FOR A WAY TO TRAP PLANET-HEATING CARBON DIOXIDE Moving in Washington and financial categories for release Sunday, Aug. 21. Using available technologies, carbon dioxide (CO2) can be captured and pumped into geologic formations deep underground, scientists say. Socolow said new technologies like carbon dioxide storage, sometimes called carbon sequestration, will not work unless society decides to put a price on simply venting the gas into the atmosphere.
Abdul Qadeer Khan, the father of the Pakistani atomic bomb, delivered weapons grade highly enriched uranium to Iran in 2001, and Iran aims at getting a nuclear bomb next year, an Iranian opposition group said in Vienna Wednesday.
All but one of Khan's colleagues have been released after questioning. The government expressed skepticism Thursday over a claim by an Iranian opposition group that Abdul Qadeer Khan, the disgraced father of Pakistan's nuclear program, had given Iran a blueprint for a nuclear bomb and some weapons-grade uranium. "We do not attach importance to this report or claim," Foreign Ministry spokesman Masood Khan told a news conference in the capital, Islamabad.
Pakistani government said on Monday that Abdullah Q. Khan, the founder of the nation's nuclear program, will not be interrogated by concerned agencies from the United States. The Foreign Office spokesman Masood Khan told a weekly press conference here that the Pakistani authorities have the ability to handle the nuclear proliferation control. A number of Pakistani scientists and officials had been detained for the proliferation scandal since Abdullah Q. Khan confessed for his wrong doing earlier this year.
Khan provided Iran's nuclear program with "significant assistance," including the designs for "advanced and efficient" weapons components. The unclassified version of the report, posted Tuesday on the agency's Web site (www.cia.gov), does not say explicitly whether Khan's network sold Iran complete plans for building a warhead, as the network is known to have done for Libya and perhaps North Korea.
The CIA _ which provides the U.S. Congress with six-monthly updates on reported efforts by Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea and Syria to obtain chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear weapons technology _ posted an unclassified version on its Web site this week. Analyzing the report, The New York Times said it indicates that bomb-making designs provided by Abdul Qadeer Khan to Iran in the 1990s were more significant than Washington has said.
Citing documents and interviews, the newspaper said the discovery provided fresh evidence of the reach and sophistication of Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan's global black market in nuclear know-how and equipment. The dimensions of the plot began to emerge in September, when police raided a factory outside Johannesburg, according to the report. They found the elements of a two-story steel processing system for the enrichment plant, packed in 11 freight containers for shipment to Libya. South African officials have disclosed only that they discovered nuclear components, the paper said.
However, the International Atomic Energy Agency still wants to interview Khan, who has been pardoned by Musharraf, as well as his assistant, who is being held in Malaysia. "We can question him the best, and then there is...a domestic sensitivity. This man is a hero for the Pakistanis and there is a sensitivity that maybe the world wants to intervene in our nuclear program, which nobody wants. "We have landed ourselves in more trouble, "he told CNN's"Late Edition. "
The discovery gave the experts a new appreciation of the audacity of the rogue nuclear network led by A.Q. "This was the first time we had ever seen a loose copy of a bomb design that clearly worked," said one American expert, "and the question was: Who else had it? Al-Qaida?" The experts from the United States and the IAEA, the U.N. nuclear watchdog--in a reverberation of their differences over Iraq's unconventional weapons--began quarreling over control of the blueprints.
According to Secretary of State Colin Powell, the United States by early 2004 had amassed so much evidence that Khan was peddling nuclear secrets that Powell telephoned Musharraf and told him to "deal with" Khan. The Pakistani president signed off by telling how much he admired the scientist. "Muslim brothers did not ask us before giving our names," Musharraf complained. Pakistani kids would empty their pockets for him."
Pakistan on Monday denied reports in a US magazine that it was helping American special forces target suspected weapons sites for air strikes in neighbouring Iran. "We do not have much information about Iran's nuclear programme so I think this report is far-fetched and it exaggerates facts which do not exist in the first place," Khan told a weekly press briefing in Islamabad. I think this is pure conjecture."
The Rwandan government has launched a national war against plastic bags as an attempt to maintain the environment and clean up the country, President Paul Kagame told reporters Monday. Kagame who participated in the clean-up of the Kigali city said that his government had endorsed the ban on all plastic bags and anyone who still owns them ought to face penalties. However, shop owners feel the government's decision was to hostile and too heavy for them.
But the fee would also apply to paper bags to help reduce overall waste. Promoting a healthy environment "means we need to help change people's patterns, and that even means their shopping patterns," said incoming city Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi, who takes office in January. "This is a sensible user fee." The city's Department of the Environment estimates San Francisco customers bring home about 50 million bags each year.
"We think essentially it's an unnecessary and misguided approach," said Tim Shestek, spokesman for the American Plastics Council. "We've attempted to pursue this at a state level, but the lobbyists for the retail industry are too strong," he said. In San Francisco, the free grocery bag soon might go the way of the full-service gas station.
Minister of State for Trade Richard Nduhura was quoted as saying that the rampant use of polythene bags has led to environmental disasters like blockage of drainages, suffocation of children and animals and soil degradation. He added that the government was still looking at optional measures like controlling importation, production, usage and disposal of polythene bags. The Ugandan government is considering a total ban on polythene bags after a 50 percent excise duty has failed to reduce their production and usage, reported local press on Tuesday.
Virtually all of them said it's a minor expense or inconvenience, but well worth it. So it sort of defeats the purpose," writes Jim Knowles of Alameda. And while I have to admit that I easily fell into this behavior myself, the proposed legislation reminded me that bringing my own tote bag is an easy way to be a good citizen of our one and only planet Earth," says Franziska Marks.
So far, plastics-industry representatives have said they will participate in Reyes' task force--particularly in light of the proposed fee in San Francisco, which they oppose. They stick to bottles and cans, and they clog sorting equipment. Yet there is a demand for the raw material by companies that use old sacks to make more bags or plastic building materials. LOS ANGELES - Paper or plastic? "Here in Los Angeles, I would rather work with the industry before we get into that."
Kenya is being swamped with a flood of discarded plastic shopping bags that pose a growing public health risk and should take steps to ban the popular lould be banned and a hefty levy slapped on thicker ones to rid Kenya of an increasing environmental and health menace," the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) said.
"We are banning polythene bags and it is a matter of time for them to become history," Mugisha said on Sunday in Nairobi, Kenya where he is heading a NEMA delegation. Mugisha said a ban on plastic bags is among proposals aimed at reducing the use of polythene, adding that but the tax imposed on the plastic bags about two years ago has not helped in restricting their use because their price is still very low.
Loss of livestock can be depressing in this poor country that regulary suffers from bouts of drought. In the capital Asmara and other outlying regions, the bags have been replaced by the cotton and nylon and Eritreans have no choice but to adapt to instead. Wolde did not give the amount of the fine, but several sources estimated that offenders can pay several thousands of nakfa.
Tanzania is on the way to handle the increasing plastic waste through establishing a recycling plant believed to be the first one in east and central Africa. Minister for Industry and Trade Juma Ngasongwa was quoted by local newspaper Daily News on Thursday as saying that the Tanzanian government has set aside 1.5 million US dollars to operate the recycling plant as the first phase of the country's multi-million-dollar anti-plastic litter project. The abandoned plastic bags and containers can be spotted in many towns, blamed for clogging sewage and drainage systems.
In 2002, this had risen to 32.1 years. Children of older fathers face an enhanced risk of developing schizophrenia when they grow older, according to research published on Friday. Only four of these were siblings. After taking into account the patients' socioeconomic background, family history of psychosis, early parental death and other factors that could affect the outcome, the researchers found a strong statistical link between schizophrenics and the age of their father.
Though the region, a stretch of DNA on the 17th chromosome, occurs in people of all countries, it is much more common in Europeans, as if its effect is set off by something in the European environment. Their finding is published in Monday's issue of Nature Genetics in a report by Kari Stefansson, Augustine Kong, Hreinn Stefansson and other DeCode scientists. The DNA region came to light during the search for a schizophrenia-causing gene, which turned out not to be there.
Alarmed by the rising consumption of cannabis among French teenagers, the government on Wednesday launched a 10-million euro (13 million dollar) campaign to warn of the drug's harmful effects on physical and mental health. In 2003 a law was passed that makes driving under the influence of cannabis a criminal offence, and urine tests are being extended.
He sits with members of NARSAD--the president has a daughter with schizophrenia--and we begin talking about his research into devastating mental illness and his quest to find the genes that produce these disorders. He has already found genes implicated in attention deficit disorder and Tourette's syndrome in children with autism. He thinks it's possible we could soon have a test, like that done for Down syndrome, for schizophrenia.
Vaughan Carr of the Neuroscience Institute of Schizophrenia and Allied Disorders said the discovery could provide a better understanding of the genetic causes of the illness and eventually lead to improved treatments. "The importance of this research is that it links together for the first time abnormal brain structure and function in the one image and ties that with abnormal thinking in schizophrenia," Carr said. "Now this is a remarkable achievement."
I do wonder if that intuitive approach is more prevalent among women scientists. I found a corner of the ladies' room where I lived for most of the semester. "My life is two things: the people I love and my work. With a little bit of organization, it can be done." I was fortunate that around that time I ran into Professor Arthur Beaudet, a genetics researcher, who said, "I'll be happy to train you in molecular genetics."
Medical marijuana is now legal in 11 states, and bills to legalize it are pending in at least seven more. The drug is also at the heart of a case being considered by the U.S. Supreme Court. But the reality is, we don't know."
The study covered the districts of Kampala, Masaka, Hoima Sembabule and Masindi. This figure also accounts for the two percent of the population that suffers from epilepsy, one percent suffer from schizophrenia and three percent maniac depression, according to the report. Uganda has a population of 26.8 million, according to the 2002 national population census. The report quotes World Health Organization statistics showing that mental illness accounts for about 12.3 percent of the global disease burden.
IBM said on Monday that it is teaming with a European institute in a research initiative to uncover the secrets of human cognitive intelligence. Scientists from IBM and the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL) of Switzerland will work together over the next two years to create a detailed model of the circuitry in the neocortex--the largest and most complex part of the human brain, IBM said.
But a whole new level of explanation has been opened up by a genetic survey showing that identical twins, as they grow older, differ increasingly in what is known as their epigenome. Among the most important components of the epigenome are small chemical handles known as methyl groups, which are added directly to the chemical units of DNA. They may start to look different, develop different diseases or slide into different personalities. These discrepancies are usually attributed to ill-defined differences in environment.
Arafat's deputy in the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas, and Palestinian prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, were asked by the Fatah central committee on Sunday to speak directly to Arafat's doctors, Nabil Shaath, a Palestinian minister, said Sunday evening. But Arafat's wife, Suha, who has fiercely protected her husband's privacy, lashed out in an emotional television interview with Al-Jazeera television early Monday, calling the planned visit by Palestinian officials a "conspiracy" against her husband.
- Palestinian prime minister Ahmed Qorei says Arafat is in critical condition. - Israel says it will not restrict Arafat's movements. Nov 3: Arafat is transferred to the hospital's intensive care unit. Nov 4: A French medical source says Arafat is "brain dead" and breathing thanks only to artificial life support systems. Officials categorically deny reports that he is dead. Nov 5: His spokeswoman in Paris says Arafat is 'between life and death' and in a reversible coma.
Senior Palestinian official Yasser Abed Rabbo denied on Tuesday reports saying that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died in a French hospital. Abed Rabbo told reporters in the West Bank city of Ramallah that the reports saying that Arafat who suffers from a deep coma earlier Tuesday had died "are totally untrue," adding that "Arafat is still alive."
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat would be buried at his headquarters in the West Bank town of Ramallah, well-informed Palestinian sources said Tuesday. The sources told the Dubai-based al-Arabiya TV that France reached a compromise with Israel to bury Arafat in Ramallah after his death. Tuesday witnessed a flurry of conflicting reports on Arafat's fate, with some claiming he was dead and others saying his vital organs were still functioning. Israel opposes burying Arafat in Jerusalem, although Arafat himself indicated preference for the city for his final resting place.
He did not say what the diagnosis was, or whether the delegation had actually seen Arafat face to face. Yasser Arafat is in a "very difficult and serious" situation, the Palestinian foreign minister said Tuesday after he and other officials met their critically ill leader's doctors. Asked after a visit to the hospital treating Arafat about reports that he was close to death, Nabil Shaath said: "Only God knows the answer to that."
Egypt might host a funeral service for Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in the event of his death, Palestinian delegate to the Arab League (AL) Ahmed Sobeih told Xinhua late Tuesday. Meanwhile, the Al-Arabiya TV channel reported Tuesday night that the Palestinian side will announce the death of 75-year-old veteran leader Yasser Arafat Wednesday morning. "Palestinian officials will make an announcement about the passing away of President Arafat Wednesday morning," the TV report said, quoting sources in France, where Arafat had been treated since Oct. 29.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was not dead at 3:30 pm (1430 GMT), a French official said. An official at the army medical service said that Arafat "is not dead." "The statement made public by General Christian Estripeau is still valid at 3:30 pm," he said. Estripeau, the medical service's official spokesman, said earlier Tuesday that Arafat had slipped into a "deeper coma." Two senior Palestinian officals Nasser el-Qidwa and Leila Shahid also denied that Arafat was dead.
"The first contacts should take place in the night with the aim of reaching an agreement on the organisation of the funeral for Yasser Arafat," the official said on condition of anonymity. Palestinian foreign minister Nabil Shaath denied a claim by a fellow cabinet minister Tuesday that Arafat has died in a French military hospital but said he was very ill. Israeli and Palestinian officials will begin talks overnight to discuss funeral arrangements for Yasser Arafat, a senior Israeli official told AFP Tuesday.
The 13 main Palestinian factions held an emergency meeting Tuesday to discuss arrangements to follow an official announcement that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has died, an Islamic Jihad leader said. "We are in the process of discussing the steps to be taken when the death of president Arafat is officially announced," said Khaled al-Batch.
An agreement on funeral arrangements to be made in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat's death was reached Tuesday by Israeli and Palestinian officials, a senior Palestinian official said on condition of anonymity. "Senior Palestinian and Israeli officials have reached an agreement in principle on the arrangements to be made after the death of president Arafat," the official told AFP.
Baseball expects about half of that number to bid seriously when the time comes to put up their money. Why? He might not have known it at the time, but Cablevision's Charles F. Dolan never really had a chance. The Washington mayor, Anthony Williams, came riding in and pledged that the District of Columbia would build a new ballpark for the new team, whatever the cost, which some estimates say could exceed $600 million. That should give Bowden a little more to play with.
The approval was "subject to all conditions set forth in the Baseball Stadium Agreement," signed by the Expos and Washington Mayor Anthony Williams. The agreement calls for the District of Columbia government to enact funding for a new ballpark by December 31. "This is another important step in finalizing the relocation of the Montreal Expos to Washington DC," baseball commissioner Bud Selig said.
Baseball's statement came in response to legislation the Council approved late Tuesday night requiring that half of the riverfront stadium's projected $280 million construction costs be paid for privately, delivering a stinging rejection of a deal struck by Mayor Anthony Williams and baseball officials to finance the ballpark almost entirely with tax dollars. On Wednesday, a grim Williams expressed pessimism that his plan could be salvaged. "I do think baseball is in jeopardy," he said. "The dream of 33 years is now close to dying."
The White House said Thursday it hoped that the city of Washington and Major League Baseball could still reach an agreement that would bring a professional team to the US capital city. "Hopefully, they'll be able to work things out." The District of Columbia Council has voted to require private financing for at least half the construction costs of a new ballpark for the Nationals--the former Montreal Expos, who are due to kick off next season in their new city against Arizona on April 14.
The city's top two political leaders cleared the way Monday night for Major League Baseball in the nation's capital, after daylong negotiations to guarantee the construction of a stadium that baseball officials demanded to relocate the former Montreal Expos here. The city's mayor, Anthony A. Williams, and the City Council chairman, Linda W. Cropp, agreed, together with baseball officials, to alterations in the deal the mayor made with Major League Baseball in September that used mostly taxpayer dollars for stadium construction.
Baseball fans in the nation's capital can start dreaming again about their first opening day in 33 years. Ticket and team merchandise sales were to resume Wednesday. They were suspended for a week because of uncertainty caused by changes the council had made in the city's agreement with the team. Williams said he will sign the bill as soon as it reaches his desk, leaving only baseball commissioner Bud Selig's approval of the RFK renovations for the move to become final.
The Washington Nationals will make their debut in the nation's capital when they host the New York Mets in a major league baseball exhibition game on April 3. The game will be played at RFK Stadium, which will serve as the Nationals' temporary home before their new stadium is constructed. Formerly the Montreal Expos, the Nationals were officially relocated to Washington last month.
The Montreal Expos can move to Washington, change their name and never play the Canadian national anthem again, but they cannot seem to go anywhere without the New York Mets following along for a photo-op. With Mike Piazza and Cliff Floyd back in Port St. Lucie, and Mike Cameron rehabilitating from wrist surgery, Beltran was the second-most popular reason to watch Wednesday's game.
"I like to see Senator Kerry, except when we're fixing to debate. The baseball events came as the Washington Nationals, who moved to the city from Montreal during the off-season, defeated the New York Mets 5-3 in their first exhibition game in Florida. The ceremony marking the Red Sox first World Series win since 1918 was an upbeat event despite political overtones. But team executives backed Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry. John Henry, a Kerry backer and the team's principal owner, was ill and skipped the event.
He has insisted that Major League Baseball should compensate him for the revenue he believes the Nationals will leech from the Orioles. The city's new team, the Nationals, begins regular season play Monday, with a home opener set for April 14, and it remains without a deal to televise its games.
In a statement confirming O'Connor's resignation, Bush said he will pick her successor in a timely manner so her vacancy can be filled by the time the court resumes work in October. "This is to inform you of my decision to retire from my position as an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, effective upon the nomination and confirmation of my successor," she said in a letter to Bush. O'Connor, 75, did not explain why she was resigning.
Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman appointed to the US Supreme Court and a frequent swing vote, has announced her retirement, a court source said Friday. Her retirement, which sets up a long-awaited political battle for a successor and gives President George W. Bush his first chance to select a justice for the high court, was confirmed by a Supreme Court official who requested anonymity.
"The nation also deserves a dignified process of confirmation in the United States Senate, characterised by fair treatment, a fair hearing and a fair vote. President George W. Bush on Friday said he would nominate a new Supreme Court Justice in a timely manner, and called for a dignified confirmation battle, as rival political camps geared up for battle. Bush made a statement in the White House Rose Garden, shortly after Justice Sandra Day O'Connor announced her retirement.
With a nod to their shared Texas heritage, Bush said: "for an old ranching girl, you turned out pretty good," according to McClellan. Cancer-stricken Chief Justice William Rehnquist had been seen as the most likely justice to retire, but has so far made no announcement on his future. O'Connor's retirement opens the first vacancy on the Supreme Court in 11 years. The last justice appointed was the liberal Justice Stephen Breyer, who was named by president Bill Clinton and he took his seat in August 1994.
But the most frequently mentioned names include Attorney General Alberto Gonzales as well as federal appeals court judges Michael Luttig, Harvie Wilkinson, John Roberts and former solicitor general Theodore Olson. Minutes after O'Connor's announcement, political leaders and lobby groups fired the first shots in a long brewing battle for the court's political soul.
"You can never predict or control (how they'll vote). WASHINGTON - President Dwight D. Eisenhower figured Earl Warren would make an ideal chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Eisenhower said he chose Warren the next year because of his deliberate style and his "middle-of-the-road" philosophy. That was the case with Souter, a state judge in New Hampshire who served briefly as a federal appeals judge before his nomination to the Supreme Court.
The worst has happened with the resignation of Sandra Day OConnor," the group said on its website. For decades, a deep ideological rift over a woman's right to end an unwanted pregnancy has cleaved this country into two powerful, and equally-impassioned camps.
US President George W. Bush on Wednesday chastised critics of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales as a potential candidate for the recently-vacated seat in the Supreme Court. "I don't like it when a friend gets criticized. Republicans and Democrats are geared up for a major political fight over a successor to Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who announced her retirement last Friday.
NAACP members are being urged to contact the White House and their senators to influence selection of the nominee, said Hilary Shelton, head of the NAACP's Washington, D.C., branch. The NAACP's health committee is investigating how well hospitals address racial gaps _ particularly by having black physicians on staff _ and it will grade hospitals in a report card to be released next year, said Rupert Richardson, an NAACP board member from Louisiana and chairwoman of the group's national health committee.
Legal historians point out that of the 108 justices who have served on the Supreme Court, only 48 were actually drawn from the ranks of sitting judges. What a concept. The answer is: You bet," Bush told reporters. He indicated he was already doing so. Sen. Arlen Specter, R-Pa., chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, noted that career lawyers spend too much time with "footnotes and semicolons" and have "very little contact with people."
The shooting occurred late Saturday afternoon while Cheney was hunting with Harry Whittington, 78, a prominent Austin lawyer, on the Armstrong Ranch in south Texas. Vice President Dick Cheney accidentally sprayed a companion with birdshot while hunting quail on a private Texas ranch, injuring the man in the face, neck and chest, the vice president's office confirmed yesterday after a Texas newspaper reported the incident.
Tobin Armstrong was a major financial backer of the Bush-Cheney team who died last October, with Cheney attending the funeral. He was described in an article published two weeks ago in the Austin-American Statesman as being "very rich, very stubborn, and very patient." Both men were wearing orange vests. He was taken by medical helicopter to the Christus Spohn Health System in Corpus Christi, about an hour away. "It knocked him silly. His eyes were open.
U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney accidentally shot and injured a hunting companion in Texas over the weekend, U.S. media reported Sunday. Harry Whittington, Cheney's hunting companion during a quail hunting trip in Texas on Saturday, was mostly injured on his right side, with shotgun pellets hitting his cheek, neck and chest, the reports said. Whittington, 78, was "alert and doing fine" in the hospital, Katharine Armstrong, owner of the Armstrong Ranch in south Texas, was quoted by CNN as saying.
The shooting was first reported by the Corpus Christi Caller-Times. The vice president's office did not disclose the accident until nearly 24 hours after it happened. Whittington shot a bird and went to look for it in the tall grass, while Cheney and the third hunter walked to another spot and discovered a second covey. "It knocked him silly. "The vice president has got an ambulance on call, so the ambulance came."
"We knew word would get out," she said. The vice president urged her to tell friends and family first, before word leaked out to the media. Whittington is a fixture in Texas politics, having worked in Republican campaigns dating back to John Tower's senatorial run in the 1960s. And I think that's where everybody's attention should have been focused, and was focused, when the hunting accident took place."
McClellan said spoke with Katharine Armstrong, one of the ranch owners and an eyewitness to the accident, and she agreed to relay word of the accident to the local newspaper on Sunday. McClellan said he had urged speedy public disclosure following the incident at the 50,000-acre Armstrong Ranch some 60 miles outside Corpus Christi, Texas. McClellan, drawing a distinction with the response by Cheney's staff, told reporters Monday: "I think you can always look back at these issues and look at how to do a better job."
The White House sought with little success on Monday to quell an uproar over why it took the better part of a day to disclose that Vice President Dick Cheney had accidentally wounded a fellow hunter in Texas on Saturday and why even President Bush initially got an incomplete report on the shooting. Calls to his room were routed to the hospital's marketing department, which said it was taking messages for him.
The man accidentally shot by US Vice President Dick Cheney while the two were hunting on a southern Texas ranch is in stable condition, a hospital spokeswoman said Monday. Harry Whittington, 78, was peppered with shotgun pellets after Cheney turned to shoot quail that had just been flushed out of the brush, Cheney spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride confirmed Sunday. "He remains in stable condition in our ICU (intensive care unit)," Michele Mora-Trevino, a spokeswoman for Christus Spohn Hospital Memorial in Corpus Christi, Texas told AFP.
McClellan as well as Cheney spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride insisted that the time gap between the incident and its confirmation by the White House was due to a focus on getting Whittington the medical care he needed. Armstrong has said that Whittington came up noiselessly behind the vice president, who spun around to target a bird and shot his fellow hunter instead.
US Vice President Dick Cheney did not have a legal permit to hunt quail when he accidentally shot a 78-year old hunting partner over the weekend, the White House said on Monday. The Texas Parks and Wildlife Department informed Cheney that he lacked a stamp for hunting "upland game birds" in the state when the shooting incident occurred, the vice president's office said in a statement. Texas authorities said they would issue a warning citation to Cheney but impose no penalty or fine for failing to have the seven-dollar stamp.
"The memorial will be the centerpiece and our first priority in the rebuilding effort," Pataki said at a luncheon event in New York City. All four living former US presidents have agreed to become honorary directors of the project for a permanent memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Center. "Reflecting Absence" by architect Michael Arad, which features two reflecting pools surrounded by gardens, was chosen from 5,201 entries submitted to an international design competition.
The governor said that financing of the memorial should be the "first and most important" priority for the $816 million in federal grants that have yet to be allocated by the Lower Manhattan Development Corp.
Conceivably, then, the foundation may start its $500 million campaign with several hundred million dollars already available. (STORY CAN END HERE. Chairman of HSBC Holdings. "And that's really exactly what is called for because there isn't a more noble task before us." Pataki had already said that four former presidents--Bill Clinton, George H.W. OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Member of the memorial jury, vice chairwoman of the International Freedom Center. Chairman and chief executive of the American International Group.
The memorial board also included retired New York firefighter Lee Ielpi and Monica Iken, whose husband was killed in the trade center attack. Four US ex-presidents, a Hollywood legend, a retired fireman and a star TV journalist were among those appointed Wednesday to lead the project for a memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Center.
Severed during the clearing of ground zero, many steel and concrete column footings that still outline the perimeters of the twin towers will be made part of the memorial itself, as will a 70-foot-tall, 250-foot-long section of the original slurry wall. The pools will be centered within, but slightly smaller than, the tower outlines. Forty feet below, within inches of bedrock itself, unidentified remains will be entombed. On this level, the north tower's foundations will be exposed in a chamber more than 60 feet high.
The architectural team designing the World Trade Center (WTC) memorial presented an update on its plans Thursday afternoon. Governor George Pataki and Mayor Michael Bloomberg joined the team of architects to present a more detailed description of what visitors will experience at the memorial and the surrounding plaza. The updated design will not include any changes to the random listing of the victims' names.
The truth is that the two-hour meeting was closed to the public and the news media, since the foundation is a private corporation. Operate. "This is a decision for the board to make," Millstein said. The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation board met Wednesday for the first time before emerging for an introduction to the site by the architects Daniel Libeskind and Michael Arad. Officials have long complimented themselves--sometimes with good reason--on the openness and transparency of planning efforts at the trade center site.
The 33-member board set up governance and executive committees before meeting Wednesday with trade center master planner Daniel Libeskind and memorial architect Michael Arad near the building site. George Pataki urged passage of an income tax checkoff that would allow New York taxpayers to donate to the memorial. The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation's board also includes former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, Disney CEO Michael Eisner and several trade center victims' family members. Whitehead's agency was created to oversee redevelopment at and around the trade center site.
In a ceremony above the gaping pit remaining from the Sept. 11, 2001, attack that destroyed the complex and the original memorial, an honor guard of Port Authority officers placed the fragment in a 9 1/2-foot-tall (2.9-meter-high) steel pylon shaped like one of the twin towers. "We have to remember that 9/11 began in 1993," said Michael Macko of New York City, son of victim William Macko.
Between this wall and the museum complex at Fulton Street and a stairway at Liberty Street, there would be only two small areas where one could walk straight into the memorial from Greenwich Street, the approach most visitors will probably take. "It's absolutely critical that we take the steps necessary to set the grade in a way that achieves the objective we all share of knitting the site back into the community, both physically and visually," Kevin M. Rampe, president of the development corporation, said Wednesday.
The suspect was put on a suicide watch. Hundreds of tons of wreckage from the commuter trains lay strewn across the area. Police arrested a man who they said would be charged with homicide in the crash that left train cars mangled and seared. The Glendale Police Department was leading the criminal investigation, with Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department assisting. "This is unbelievably tragic," Sheriff Lee Baca told reporters at the scene. By 10:30 a.m. the death count hit 10.
"This whole incident was started by a deranged individual that was suicidal," Glendale Police Chief Randy Adams told a news conference. Authorities said the SUV, a Jeep Cherokee, was left on the tracks by an apparently suicidal man, who jumped from the vehicle moments before the southbound commuter train plowed into it. It was the worst train wreck in the United States since March 1999, when an Amtrak train hit a truck and derailed in Illinois, killing 11 people and injuring about 100.
A man whom police described as deranged and bent on suicide abandoned a light truck on a heavily traveled commuter rail track here early Wednesday, causing a violent wreck involving three trains that left at least 10 people dead and nearly 200 injured. A bicycle lay on its side and the gravel rail bed was stained with oil and blood. He apparently changed his mind about killing himself, abandoned the vehicle and watched the crash, the Glendale police chief, Randy G. Adams, said.
Alvarez, who is on the suicide watch list, drove his Jeep Cherokee on the tracks, then changed his mind about taking his life and fled from the vehicle when the train was approaching. "He has been cooperative and he has talked to our investigators, "Adams said. A 25-year-old man was arrested following Wednesday's commuter train collision that killed at least 10 people near downtown Los Angeles.
"He's carrying a lot of baggage and talked about killing himself," said Sheriff Lee Baca of Los Angeles County. But, Mrs. Alvarez was tracked to a modest home in the north section of Compton. Until Wednesday, Juan Manuel Alvarez was living the average life of an obscure and troubled man. He has an arrest record for cocaine, a turbulent relationship with his estranged wife and a restraining order to keep away from her and their two children.
Rescuers were picking through the mangled wreckage of the trains that collided with an explosive crash just after 6:00 am (1400 GMT) after one of them derailed as it ploughed into the abandoned vehicle. "He was intent at that time on taking his own life but changed his mind," Adams told reporters. After hitting the car, the packed rush-hour train, which was bound for Los Angeles' Union Station, jumped its tracks and jack-knifed into the path of an oncoming commuter train heading in the opposite direction.
Rick Godinez said. Juan Manuel Alvarez, 25, of Compton, the driver of the Jeep Grand Cherokee, was found near the wreckage and arrested on suspicion of homicide. "He was very distraught and upset and realized he caused a major disaster." Doug Parsons of Northridge also was aboard the train, headed for his job at the Metropolitan Water District downtown. "We were right on schedule. We heard some gravel fly and then...the big boom. The car in front of us went sideways.
The commuter train folded up like an accordion--its front car ramming into the Union Pacific freight train's locomotive on the track to the west, toppling it to its side. Authorities believe Juan Manuel Alvarez drove his Jeep Grand Cherokee around the rail crossing barrier and onto the Metrolink train tracks at Chevy Chase Drive in Glendale about 6 a.m. Wednesday. His intent was to kill himself, but he changed his mind after his SUV got stuck between the tracks in an area slightly away from the grade crossing.
The charges include the special circumstances of using the train, which could make the man, Juan M. Alvarez, eligible for the death penalty. Alvarez may also face federal charges in the train derailment. Steve Cooley, the Los Angeles County district attorney, said in an interview that he would not decide whether to seek the death penalty until the case was thoroughly reviewed by his office. The body of one man was burned so badly it has yet to be identified.
As he watched, southbound Train No. Statements by law enforcement officials that the train crash was the result of an aborted suicide attempt don't support that notion, they said. "He appears remorseful. 100 smashed into the SUV and derailed, then rammed a parked Union Pacific freight train and collided with another Metrolink train heading north out of Union Station. Within hours of the crash, Alvarez was arrested on suspicion of murder.
"The idea of a phased opening is to give the theme park, public transport operators and relevant departments a familiarization period to adjust their operation and services," Cheng said. A section of the Park Promenade linked to the line will be opened. From August to Sept. 11, all public facilities at Penny's Bay, including public roads, the Park Promenade, the Inspiration Lake Recreation Center, the Disneyland Resort Public Transport Interchange, the Disneyland car and coach parks and the Disneyland Resort Pier will begin operation.
Disney officials consulted Chinese feng shui experts before building Hong Kong Disneyland, making changes such as tilting the site of the park several degrees and setting up "no fire zones" in kitchens, a company spokeswoman said Sunday. Feng shui is the Chinese belief that harmonious energy and therefore better fortune can be achieved by the correct positioning of furniture and other objects. The park's groundbreaking date and opening date of Sept. 12 were picked after conferring with feng shui specialists, she said.
Hong Kong Disneyland announced its on-line ticketing plan on June 22. People who want to visit the theme park need to use their credit card to book tickets through the website of Hong Kong Disneyland. Each credit card can buy at most 10 tickets. The theme park said that starting from Friday, guests can buy tickets for its grand opening day on Sept. 12 and the first 90 days after its opening. Hong Kong Disneyland will begin its rehearsal on Aug. 16 and it will last for approximately four weeks.
Hong Kong Disneyland will stage its rehearsal from Aug. 16 to the theme park's opening on Sept. 12, the park said in a press release on Friday. Rehearsal days have been a long-standing tradition at Disney theme parks and resorts around the world and present an opportunity for cast members, Disney's term for employees, to practice and adjust their performance. The rehearsal period at HK Disneyland will last for approximately four weeks prior to the grand opening.
The ticket sale of the Hong Kong Disneyland has been proceeding well, although there are still tickets left for all the days available for booking online, Hong Kong Disneyland Group Managing Director Don Robinson said Monday. "We started ticket sales last week, they are very popular. The opening day and the weekend is most popular." Robinson said after a signing ceremony with Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited. He said the company is looking into other sale outlets.
But critics say Hong Kong Disneyland, which opens Sept. 12, won't be the magic kingdom its supporters say it will be. They question whether the park is the best way to create jobs, and they're also doubtful that it will attract big-spending tourists. A fantasy land with a Sleeping Beauty Castle set against lush mountains on an outlying island, Hong Kong Disneyland predicts it will draw about 3.6 million tourists to Hong Kong within a year and up to 7.4 million annually after 15 years.
The feng shui experts even picked the opening date of the park _ Sept. 12. Visitors can navigate the park with signs written in their native Chinese, but the rides also include bilingual explanations. Mickey Mouse, Sleeping Beauty's castle and the Lion King are all here at Disney's new theme park in Hong Kong, along with classic rides familiar to fans of other Disney theme parks _ Space Mountain, the Mad Hatter Tea Cups and Dumbo.
Hong Kong Disneyland said Thursday it won't cut its daily maximum capacity of 30,000 people despite complaints of large crowds and long queues from visitors during rehearsal days. Earlier, Disney said it was considering extending opening hours and adding more shows at the park _ due to open Monday _ as Hong Kong's financial chief expressed concern about the large crowds when the park is operating at its capacity.
He suggested Chinese mainland passengers arrive in Hong Kong via Lo Wu Check Point, Hong Kong's largest cross boundary check point with 233 clearance counters. Speaking at a press conference for arrangements of Hong Kong Disneyland's opening, she said the Transport Department, Immigration Department, Police and some other government departments have made full preparations for the smooth opening of Hong Kong Disneyland. The opening of Hong Kong Disneyland is expected to turn on a new page of Hong Kong tourism, with focus on family tourists, she said.
"If they thought that a huge commitment of government money would cushion them from public criticism, I think they will, and seem already, to be discovering that is not, definitely not, the case," DeGolyer said. Christine Loh, a former lawmaker who runs her own think tank, Civic Exchange, said, "Hong Kong people as a whole don't hate Disney. But not dog-lovers, shark-defenders and fireworks foes.
Lockheed Martin engineer Chuck Rasbach helped design one of the Huygens cameras, which he called "rugged, robust and compact." "With space, well,...it moves humanity forward." Space scientists hope to finally get some answers in three weeks when they send a space probe spinning down through the thick atmosphere of a world more distant than any visited before.
It looks as though it will land within a few tens of meters of its planned landing site." At least as intriguing as the nature of the moon's surface is the precise composition of Titan's smoggy, 12-layered atmosphere, which many believe may closely resemble the mix of gases that early Earth possessed--rich in the organic chemicals essential for life to emerge and evolve.
With a gentle shove on Christmas Eve, the Cassini spacecraft will launch the European Space Agency's Huygens probe on a course that should send it plunging into the atmosphere of Saturn's big moon Titan. The probe must be released precisely on course because it has no means of maneuvering and will remain dormant until a timer wakes it up for entry into Titan's hazy, hydrocarbon-laced atmosphere and a parachute descent to the surface on Jan. 14.
After a seven-year journey, a saucer-shaped probe prepared Friday night to detach itself from the Cassini spacecraft orbiting Saturn to dive toward one of the most mysterious bodies in the solar system: the giant moon Titan. Cassini's findings from Saturn itself may help scientists better understand the origin of the solar system, but it is on Titan where they hope to find more specific clues to the origin of life.
The European-built space probe Huygens separated from its NASA mothership late Friday to begin a descent to Saturn's largest moon Titan, during which it will sample the atmosphere of Titan. NASA said in an online news release that its Deep Space Network tracking stations in Madrid, Spain and Goldstone, California, received the signal at about 10:24 p.m. EST (0324 GMT). And scientists hope the on-site probe by Huygens would confirm the assumption and help them to better understand how life appears on Earth.
"The probe successfully detached from the Cassini orbiter," Rosemary Sullivant, a spokeswoman for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory told AFP. "They received the signal, I think at 7:24 (0324 GMT) this evening." It will take Huygens 20 days to reach Titan, the only moon in the solar system which has an atmosphere. It is scheduled to arrive at its destination on January 14.
Titan has beguiled scientists for years because it is unlike any other place in the solar system. Perhaps," said Jean-Pierre Lebreton, the Huygens project manager for the European Space Agency. The Frisbee-shaped Huygens probe successfully separated from the Cassini spacecraft Friday and began a risky 2.5-million-mile journey to the surface of Saturn's bizarre, smog-choked moon Titan. "Today's release was another successful milestone in the Cassini-Huygens odyssey," said David Southwood of the European Space Agency, which built the Huygens probe.
A signal confirming release of the probe was received at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory at 7:24 p.m. PST (0324 GMT Saturday). The actual event occurred earlier, but it took more than an hour for radio signals to cross the hundreds of millions of miles between Saturn and Earth. The aim had to be good because Huygens has no maneuvering system to adjust its own course, and it was designed to remain dormant until just before hitting Titan's atmosphere Jan. 14.
NASA said in an online news release that its Deep Space Network tracking stations in Madrid, Spain, and Goldstone, California, received the signal at about 10:24 p.m. EST (0324 GMT). Three parachutes will slow its descent so that the instruments it carries can have enough time to take detailed readings. After reaching the surface of Titan, if it would be solid, Huygens is designed to operate for a brief period of time, possibly only 30 minutes, before its battery power runs out.
The European-made space probe Huygens headed Saturday for a historic up-close encounter with Titan, the only celestial body of the Solar system with an atmosphere resembling that of Earth, after successfully separating from the US spacecraft Cassini. The mission may help prove, or disprove, a long-held hypothesis that Titan may even have rain as well as lakes and rivers, albeit containing not water by unknown muddy substances.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) agreed in late December to submit the draft bill to a NPC plenary session for deliberation in March this year. An official of the Cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) said Wednesday that the government will closely monitor developments in mainland China's communications with the United States about its plan to enact an anti-secession law.
President Chen Shui-bian called for the nation Friday to seriously face Beijing's proposed anti-secession law which he said would undermine stability across the Taiwan Strait if enacted. The president reiterated remarks he made in his New Year's address in which he condemned Beijing's plans to enact an anti-secession law as a unilateral attempt to change the status quo in the Taiwan Strait. Chen called the proposed law the biggest threat to regional stability and peace in the world.
The enacting of an anti-secession law by Beijing will diminish cross-Taiwan Strait exchanges and thus will be harmful to the development of bilateral ties, a scholar said Monday. Shu Yung-ming, an assistant researcher with Academia Sinica, Taiwan's highest research institute, said in a seminar that the people of Taiwan will be afraid of visiting the mainland after the legislation is approved due to its ambiguous definition of secessionist activities.
Both the United States and the European Union think mainland China's planned anti-secession legislation is counterproductive to peace across the Taiwan Strait, Minister of Foreign Affairs Tan Sun Chen said Monday. Chen made the remarks after presiding over a Lunar New Year gathering at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) auditorium. The mainland's rubber-stamp parliament--the National People's Congress--is scheduled to screen the so-called anti-secession law in March.
Mainland China is pushing Taiwan to decide through a referendum whether to "separate from the mainland" if it makes the "one country, two systems" or "one China" principle a part of its proposed anti-secession law, Mainland Affairs Council Chairman Joseph Wu said Tuesday.
The United States hopes mainland China will put off its plan to enact an "anti-secession law" to help temper the tension across the Taiwan Strait, an American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) official said Tuesday. Raymond F. Greene, chief of the political section at the AIT's Taipei office, made the remarks during a visit to the legislative caucus of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), according to Lai Ching-teh, one of the caucus leaders.
The Legislative Yuan will pass a resolution against Beijing's anti-secession legislation, Legislative Yuan Speaker Wang Jin-pyng said Thursday. Wang made the announcement after a cross-party consultative meeting to discuss certain critical legislative bills.
The proposed anti-secession law, which will be deliberated by China's top legislature, the National People's Congress (NPC), at its upcoming annual full session, is by no means a so-called "law on the use of force against Taiwan", nor a so-called "war mobilization order", a spokesman for the NPC session said here Friday.
China's enactment of the Anti- Secession Law, as part of the overarching principle, is to closely focus on the theme of opposing and checking the secessionist activities of the "Taiwan independence" forces and promoting China's peaceful reunification, a senior Chinese lawmaker said here Tuesday.
China Tuesday said that "one country, two systems" is its basic approach to Taiwan as it outlined for the first time its anti-secession law aimed at the island.
Another prosecution witness, a man who was a member of a Sikh militant group in New York, testified that Bagri as much as confessed to him outside a New Jersey gas station. Vancouver millionaire Ripudaman Singh Malik, 57, and Kamloops, British Columbia mill worker Ajaib Singh Bagri, 55, are charged with multiple counts of conspiracy and first degree murder in the world's worst airline terrorism act prior to the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.
Lawyers for rural mill worker Ajaib Singh Bagri then were to present their defence, followed by the prosecution team. At the time, Sikh separatists were fighting for an independent homeland in India's Punjab. Since the trial began in April 2003, Canadian prosecutors have constructed a complex case against the pair, based on witness testimony, police interviews, phone records and surveillance. The trial is being held in a 7.5 million Canadian dollar (5.6 million US) bunker-like, bomb-proof, bullet-resistant court built especially for this case.
Prosecutors believe Malik and Bagri were part of a conspiracy by British Columbia-based Sikh extremists to take revenge against the Indian government, which owns Air India planes, for attacking a Sikh temple in 1984. "Who would do something so terrible to kill so many innocent people? There is no doubt these people were murdered," Wright said.
Canadian prosecutors began wrapping up their final arguements here Monday in the trial of two Sikh immigrants from India charged with conspiring to bomb Air India passenger jets in 1985, resulting in the deaths of 331 people. The two Sikh immigrants, Ajaib Singh Bagri and Ripudaman Singh Malik, are each charged with eight counts of murder and conspiracy in the bombing, the deadliest single terrorist act until the September 11, 2001 attacks in the United States.
She was eventually fired. Prosecutors were also held back by numerous errors made by investigators. More than 100 witnesses have testified during nearly two years of proceedings in the most serious terrorism trial in Canadian history. A special high-security courtroom was built for the case, at a cost of $6 million, complete with a prisoner dock encased in bulletproof glass. Aging relatives of the victims came from as far away as Sri Lanka to watch from the court gallery.
Malik and Bagri, who have been in custody since their arrest in late 2000, are also charged with the Narita blast. "It has been shown (Malik) has a powerful and pervasive motive," prosecutor Joe Bellows said in British Columbia Supreme Court. "All Sikhs. "They ignited in Malik emotions of both ambition and revenge," he said. Bellows said the 1984 assassination of Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards was also part of the reaction to the temple raid.
Two fiery speeches delivered to Sikh groups in the early 1980s show Ajaib Singh Bagri had a motive to plant bombs on Air India jets killing 331 people, a prosecutor said in closing arguments Monday. Bagri, a 55-year-old mill worker in Kamloops, British Columbia, and Vancouver millionaire Ripudaman Singh Malik, 57, are charged with multiple counts of conspiracy and first degree murder in the world's worst airline terrorism act before the September 11, 2001, attacks in the United States.
Final arguments in the murder trial of two Sikhs charged with the 1985 bombing of an Air India jumbo jet concluded, ending one of the most exhaustive and expensive trials in Canadian history. The trial against a millionaire and a mill worker charged with multiple counts of conspiracy and first-degree murder hinges on the testimony of three star witnesses and contradicting bombing experts. Alleged bombmaker Inderjit Singh Reyat has already pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is in prison. "Let's just hope the wait will be worth it."
The motive in targetting the Indian planes, said Gaul, was to fight for the cause of an independent Sikh homeland, to be called Khalistan, and avenge India's 1984 attack on the Sikh Golden Temple at Amritsar. After 19 months of complex hearings, the massive trial of Ajaib Singh Bagri and Ripudaman Singh Malik ended Friday with lawyers on all sides trying to score a few last points.
Their trial ended Friday after sapping millions of dollars from Canadian coffers. Even before the verdict is pronounced, relatives of the 331 victims are calling for a public inquiry. He is serving two sentences totalling 15 years. Meanwhile, two potential witnesses were assassinated even before charges were laid. Fear of intimidation in Canada's immigrant Sikh community has led to police protection for several prosecution witnesses. "There are more people involved than the two people who are charged," said Dave Hayer, an British Columbia provincial legislator.
The U.S. government supports Jackson's position in a legal brief filed with the court. For release Sunday, Oct. 3 WASHINGTON--The death penalty, drugs and civil rights are before the Supreme Court in its new term, which begins Monday with relatively little public notice amid the presidential campaign's final month. But the calm of the courtroom is probably what the deliberative justices would prefer this fall, just four years after a presidential election in which they attracted global attention and essentially cast the deciding vote.
As the justices return to work Monday, their first task is to belatedly explain the new rules. The majority said such a system violates the Constitution's guarantee of a jury trial. They have to decide just how much remains of the federal sentencing system."
Though the court said in Blakely that it did not address the federal guidelines, the similarities between Washington's system and the federal system were such that defense lawyers across the country immediately began bombarding courts with Blakely challenges to their clients' sentences. A possible revolution in the federal criminal justice system will be on the agenda when the Supreme Court opens its new term Monday.
Lawyers for Garrison Johnson, a black inmate, say racial segregation is unconstitutional in all instances.The court also will decide whether police can use drug-sniffing dogs in routine traffic stops. But prosecutors contend that when a trained dog sniffs the air, it is not engaged in a search, and therefore police may use dogs whenever and however they choose. If they are joined by Justices Sandra Day O'Connor or Anthony M. Kennedy, the court would limit capital punishment to those who are age 18 or older at the time of their crime.
The Supreme Court opens its new term Monday faced with urgent business and looming uncertainty. The justices' most pressing task is to resolve the fate of the federal criminal sentencing system, which the court itself threw into limbo in June by declaring unconstitutional a similar, although not identical, system used by the state of Washington.
During a burglary, two teens stretched duct tape across Shirley Crook's mouth and eyes, then muscled her into her van. I will watch him die." Nineteen states allow executions of killers who were 16 or 17 at the time of the crime. Simmons and his attorneys did not reply to interview requests.
Justice Anthony Kennedy observed that he was "troubled" that a ban might lead gang leaders to use 16- or 17-year-olds as "hit men." O'Connor was mostly silent in Wednesday's hearing. A decision is expected by July. Kennedy said the brief was "chilling reading." Until now, the court's position has been unaffected by its 2002 decision to ban the death penalty for the moderately mentally retarded. Many death penalty opponents immediately recognized that a similar argument could be applied to juveniles.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, the other swing vote, noted that several states in recent years have raised the minimum age to 18 for imposing the death penalty. Two years ago, the court in a 6-3 decision abolished capital punishment for the mentally retarded, saying that a "national consensus" had emerged that executing such persons amounted to cruel and unusual punishment. They noted that all but a handful of states had exempted mentally retarded persons from the death penalty.
They heard arguments in a Missouri case involving Christopher Simmons, who at 17 kidnapped a neighbor and threw her off a bridge. Declaration of Independence, said that for the United States to lead, it must "show a decent respect for the opinions of mankind." Prosecutors say he planned the burglary and killing. The Supreme Court on Wednesday struggled to assess the morality and propriety of states' executing murderers who killed at age 16 or 17 _ the ultimate punishment carried out in few places outside the United States.
In the last 10 years, only three states--Oklahoma, Texas and Virginia--have executed persons who were under 18. Only two teenagers were condemned to death in 2003, compared with 15 in 1999. The US Supreme Court on Wednesday heard arguments on the legality of the death penalty for criminals aged under 18 in a case that has received international attention.
